{"Account Manager": {"cluster": 39, "description": "SummaryJob DescriptionThe Account Manager is responsible for the profitable operation of an assigned branch office. This includes overall responsibility for: achieving profit results consistent with established expectations, implementing a consistent business development program to maximize billable hours and sales growth, thereby increasing market share and operating profits, and implementing and managing quality standards programPrimary FunctionsImplement and monitor quality standards for all services rendered. Implement and manage a detailed marketing program of personal sales calls, telephone sales, direct mail in-office demonstrations and public relations for assigned branch. Direct and manage customer development activities, including face-to-face customer contact to create and develop a good business relationship with existing and inactive customers and retain and build additional revenuesImplement and monitor activities designed to recruit, train and retain temporary employees needed to fill all available assignments. Implement bill/pay structure to ensure a proper gross profit level in conjunction with management teamDetermine customer credit extensions with assistance from the corporate credit department. Implement corporate collection policies and procedures. Assist management in the annual preparation of a detailed forecast including projected billable hours, sales, gross profit and net profit (manage expenses necessary to achieve the desired net operating profit). All other duties that may arise to assist in the success of SurgeMust maintain 1500 billable hoursRequirementsBachelor's degree or equivalency in work experience and education required. Previous experience in sales, human resources, or a service industry required. Strong sales/marketing skills needed to meet business development goals. Proven track record for successful business development. Extensive internet recruiting experience. Strong PC skills and the ability to navigate within the Surge systemMust have strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as strong customer service skills. Ability to advise, counsel, guide, and negotiate with others (e.g., staff, temporaries). Ability to develop (i.e., through teaching, training, etc.) the professional skills of employees. Ability to analyze and evaluate people, data, and things to determine courses of action. Ability to effectively and tactfully deal with people. Ability to shift back and forth between two or more tasks. Ability to understand and accurately apply basic math skills. Ability to make competent use of work related equipment and materials. Ability to access areas where needed people, information or equipment are located. Ability to produce results within an unstructured environment and have the flexibility to identify and respond to changes in priorities. IND1EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER:Surge is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by law. Surge is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities.Job Type: Full-time"}, "Accounts Payable Clerk": {"cluster": 4, "description": "Job DescriptionThe primary function of an Accountant is to provide support to Force Solutions and its subsidiaries as shared services. This position performs accounts payable (AP) tasks within the accounting department.This Accountant position functions as a liaison between accounting, employees as well as subsidiary companies and in addition, between our company and our outside stakeholders (vendors). This position should enjoy the challenge of working in a culture that generates a high level of activity coupled with an atmosphere which provides the opportunity to learn and grow within this profession.Successful positions within our companies continually search for areas of improvement, streamline processes and collaborate to create an innovative work culture.Don't wait Apply Now! Using this link below or send over resume toEneiydaa@forcesolutions.comhttps://secure.entertimeonline.com/ta/RIKR.careers?CareersSearchResponsibilities Receive and enter all invoices into the accounting software database Ensure invoices are matched up with appropriate Purchase Orders (PO) Monitor invoice approvals and communicate with approvers Monitor and process data from the expense reporting software Works closely with the Controller on check runs Prepare and annual submit 1099\u2019s Manage AP data retention of documents Work with and create a positive relationship with vendors Other assignments as requested by supervisorTRAVEL \u2013 0%Requirements 5 + years of accounts payable experience Advanced mathematical and logical deduction skills Experience with customer service and customer communication Excellent communication and problem-solving skills Intermediate to advance Excel skills Exceptional attention to detail and organizationPREFERENCES Batchelor\u2019s in accounting or related field Advanced Excel skills Working knowledge of Vista Software Working knowledge of Concur software Working Knowledge of commercial construction or trucking industryWORK ENVIRONMENT & PHYSICAL DEMANDSIndoor, office setting with essential physical requirements, such as climbing, standing, stooping or typing. Possibility of physical effort/lifting up to 20 to 50 pounds.This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change, or new ones may be assigned at any time with or without notice.Company DescriptionForce Solutions is committed to connecting good people with good jobs! We are an innovative staffing firm that specializes in placing qualified skilled, technical, and professional talent in virtually any market.Force Solutions is committed to connecting good people with good jobs! We are an innovative staffing firm that specializes in placing qualified skilled, technical, and professional talent in virtually any market."}, "Architectural Commercial Interior Designer": {"cluster": 57, "description": "Job DescriptionADM Group Inc. is an architecture and interior design firm located in Tempe, Arizona. Our goal is to provide architectural, interior design and project management services which exceed our customers\u2019 expectations. In 2023 we celebrated 30 years of excellence in the Education (K-12), Municipal and Corporate markets. We are a hardworking, fun-loving group of professionals who come to work every day with one objective: to bring our client\u2019s vision to life.Intermediate Interior DesignerADM Group is seeking a qualified Interior Designer for educational, commercial, light industrial and municipal projects, with a passion for all phases of the design process. Potential candidates should have 5 years\u2019 experience in similar projects and strong computer aptitude and technical skills including an in-depth knowledge of Revit and AutoCAD. As a member of our design team, you will be collaborating with other team members to produce construction documents, detail design elements, specify finishes, create renderings, etc.Our clients mandate very short timeframes for production; therefore, candidates must be able to succeed in a fast-paced office environment and manage details for multiple projects simultaneously. This position has overall responsibility for the design, quality, and client satisfaction of commercial projects in education, municipal and corporate markets.Interior Designer Key ResponsibilitiesParticipate in projects that include conceptual design, schematic design, design development, construction documentation, and construction administration.Provide design support and documentation during development and execution of design concepts.Participate in the selection and presentation of furniture, fixtures, and equipment (FF&E), color palettes, millwork, and lighting.Generate construction drawings and specifications needed for construction.Work with external consultants, product representatives, furniture dealers, and fabricators.Review contractor submittals to ensure design goals are met.Interior Designer QualificationsDegree from a CIDA accredited Interior Design program is preferred.5 years of relevant experience in design, with a focus on commercial interiors projectsHigh level of proficiency in Revit required.High level of proficiency in AutoCAD required.Proficiency in PhotoShop, SketchUp, Enscape or Lumion preferred.Graphics and visualization skills to effectively communicate design ideas.Strong communication skillsAbility to work in a collaborative environment.LEED Accreditation and NCIDQ certification is a plus.Benefits And PerksWe offer competitive salaries and a benefit package which includes medical, dental, life insurance, paid holidays, and paid time off.In 2023 we became an ESOP, and we have a company Profit Sharing program.In addition to our dynamic work environment, we follow a 4x10 work schedule (Fridays off)We are dedicated to the professional growth of our employees and facilitate lunch and learns on a regular basis to provide insight into new and innovative design concepts.Company DescriptionADM Group Inc. is an architecture and interior design firm located in Tempe, Arizona. Our goal is to provide architectural, interior design and project management services which exceed our customer\u2019s expectations. We have celebrated 30 years of excellence in the Education (K-12), Municipal and Corporate markets. In 2023 We became and ESOP, Employee Owned Stock Plan We are a hardworking, fun-loving group of professionals who come to work every day with one objective: To bring our client\u2019s vision to life.ADM Group Inc. is an architecture and interior design firm located in Tempe, Arizona. Our goal is to provide architectural, interior design and project management services which exceed our customer\u2019s expectations. We have celebrated 30 years of excellence in the Education (K-12), Municipal and Corporate markets. In 2023 We became and ESOP, Employee Owned Stock Plan We are a hardworking, fun-loving group of professionals who come to work every day with one objective: To bring our client\u2019s vision to life."}, "Armed Security Officers - Full Time - 1st shift - $21/hr": {"cluster": 83, "description": "OverviewJoin one of the fastest-growing and largest privately held security companies in the U.S.! Since 1998, Sunstates Security has established a reputation for providing excellent customer service and quality work environments for its team across the country. We're committed to hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and exceptionally qualified workforce.We reinvest in our employees by offering a benefits package that exceeds industry standards, career growth opportunities, extensive internal training, employee incentive programs, team recognition, and more. Employees are provided with the tools and knowledge they need to be successful and hands-on management support.Recent national awards received by Sunstates include Outstanding Contract Security Company in 2022 & 2023 and INC\u2019s America\u2019s Fastest Growing Private Companies list.Sunstates Security\u2019s mission and vision statement are at the heart of everything we do, focusing all efforts on honor, integrity, and trust. If you're searching for a career with challenging and rewarding opportunities, we invite you to explore the possibilities at Sunstates Security. As a proactive security partner for some of the country's leading companies and organizations, we provide careers for talented people to become part of a successful, growing company.Job Skills / RequirementsHIRING IMMEDIATELYSunstates Security is currently hiring Armed Security Officers to work Full Time, 1st shift in Johnson City, TX. These positions have a pay rate of $21/hr, paid weekly.RequirementsCurrent Texas LVL III- Armed License in hand.2 Years of Customer Service experience.Reliable means of transportation.Must have open availability for all days and shifts, and be able to work overtime as needed.Must pass a comprehensive Background, Drug, MVR and Psychological screening prior to hiring.Experience with CCTV, Alarm Monitoring, and Access control systems is beneficial.A Security Officer may perform a multitude of duties as specified by the Post Orders and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). The Security Officer will read and become extremely knowledgeable of Post Orders and SOP, and will be able to act quickly and efficiently according to such directives. Sun123Education Requirements (Any)High School diploma or equivalentCertification Requirements (All)Level III Texas Security LicenseAdditional Information / BenefitsOnly candidates who meet our rigorous employment standards and who are excellent matches for open positions(as personally verified by Site Managers) are invited to join our security team.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and supporter of our military veterans!Benefits: Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, Paid Vacation, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, 401K/403b Plan, Educational Assistance"}, "Armed Security Officers - PT/FT $20.50/hr": {"cluster": 98, "description": "OverviewJoin one of the fastest-growing and largest privately held security companies in the U.S.! Since 1998, Sunstates Security has established a reputation for providing excellent customer service and quality work environments for its team across the country. We're committed to hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and exceptionally qualified workforce.We reinvest in our employees by offering a benefits package that exceeds industry standards, career growth opportunities, extensive internal training, employee incentive programs, team recognition, and more. Employees are provided with the tools and knowledge they need to be successful and hands-on management support.Recent national awards received by Sunstates include Outstanding Contract Security Company in 2022 & 2023 and INC\u2019s America\u2019s Fastest Growing Private Companies list.Sunstates Security\u2019s mission and vision statement are at the heart of everything we do, focusing all efforts on honor, integrity, and trust. If you're searching for a career with challenging and rewarding opportunities, we invite you to explore the possibilities at Sunstates Security. As a proactive security partner for some of the country's leading companies and organizations, we provide careers for talented people to become part of a successful, growing company.Job Skills / RequirementsHIRING IMMEDIATELY!Sunstates Security is currently hiring FT AND PT Licensed Armed Security Officers in the New Castle, DE area. Various days and shifts are available and offer a starting pay rate of $20.50/hr - with weekly pay. Must pass background and psych eval.RequirementsDE Red Card Security License Required Full Covid vaccination preferredExcellent customer service skillsMust possess a valid/current driver's license with a clean driving recordReliable transportationPrior security, military, or law enforcement experience is strongly preferredA Security Officer may perform a multitude of duties as specified by the Post Orders and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). The Security Officer must read and become extremely knowledgeable of Post Orders and SOP, and will be able to act quickly and efficiently according to such directives. Sun123Education Requirements (Any)High School diploma or equivalentCertification Requirements (Any)State of Delaware Firearms Security Guard License (Red Card)Drivers LicenseAdditional Information / BenefitsOnly candidates who meet our rigorous employment standards and who are excellent matches for open positions (as personally verified by Site Managers) are invited to join our security team.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and supporter of our military veterans!Benefits: Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, Paid Vacation, Short Term Disability, 401K/403b Plan, Educational Assistance"}, "Assistant Event Coordinator - Entry Level": {"cluster": 76, "description": "We work with the largest retailers in the nation to provide our customers with exclusive access to top-of-the-line brands and products. Due to increased demand from both our clients and retail partners, we are currently hiring an Assistant Event Coordinator immediately.Entry Level Assistant Event Coordinator Responsibilities:Assist the Promotions Team in developing and executing marketing strategies for each eventCoordinate event activities including event setup, visual merchandising and inventory controlProcess, generate and track event salesCoordinate event logistics, timelines and schedulesServe as Event Manager when necessaryEntry Level Assistant Event Coordinator Requirements:1-2 years of marketing, sales, or customer service experiencePositive attitude and competitive spiritAble to problem solve effectivelyAbility to work in a fast-paced marketing and sales environmentComfortable speaking in front of both small and large groupsStrong desire to work in the retail/ marketing/ sales or promotional event fieldPowered by JazzHRhSi64kenT5"}, "Attorney Recruiter": {"cluster": 19, "description": "TITLE: Attorney RecruiterREPORTS TO: HR DirectorSALARY: Competitive salary commensurate with experiencePOSITION/TYPE: Non-ExemptREQUIREMENTS:At least one year of experience in recruiting attorneysWorking knowledge using job boards, social media, and internal recruiting systemsProven success in identifying qualified candidates through LinkedIn and other professional networksSolid ability to conduct different types of interviewsExcellent communication, organization, and interpersonal skillsPREFERRED: Previous experience practicing law in personal injury or any other areas. \u201cMIKE\u2019S GOT THIS!\u201d \u2013 DiPasquale Moore is a premier personal injury law firm headquartered in the heart of Kansas City, Missouri. Founded in 2013 by Mike DiPasquale and Jason Moore, the firm has and continues to grow, as we provide our clients with the professionalism and compassionate legal representation after a traumatic and sometimes life-altering event of a personal injury.Job Overview:As an Attorney Recruiter, your primary responsibility will be on identifying, attracting, and hiring talented attorneys for our organization. A successful recruiter will play a crucial role in partnering with hiring managers to understand their staffing needs, sourcing candidates through various channels, and managing the recruitment process from start to finish. Additionally, you will serve as an ambassador for our firm, representing our values and culture to potential candidates.Duties & Responsibilities: Collaborate closely with hiring managers to understand the specific requirements and nuances of attorney positions within the organization.Develop and implement strategic recruitment plans tailored to attract high-caliber attorneys, utilizing various channels such as job boards, legal associations, referrals, and direct sourcing.Proactively source, screen, and evaluate attorney candidates to ensure alignment with organizational needs, culture, and values.Conduct phone interviews with prospective attorneys to assess qualifications, experience, and cultural fit.Manage the candidate experience throughout the recruitment process, providing timely communication and feedback.Facilitate the interview process, coordinating schedules, preparing interviewers, and ensuring a smooth and positive experience for both candidates and hiring teams.Negotiate offers and facilitate the hiring process, addressing any concerns or questions to secure successful hires.Build and maintain a strong network of legal professionals, fostering relationships and keeping abreast of industry trends and talent pools.Our Ideal Candidate is:Able to excel in a fast-paced environmentExceptionally organized and can efficiently manage time and prioritize tasks dailyCommitted to providing superb responsive and compassionate client serviceProficient with Microsoft Office programs, ATS, and various other recruiting channelsEmployee Perks:Benefits package \u2013 Health, Vision & Dental Insurance401(k) match \u2013 up to 4%3 weeks (120) hours of paid time off (PTO)Paid HolidaysWork/Life balance \u2013 doing the job you love, with great people and NO long, crazy hours!FREE on-site parking garageStability - Become an integral member of an energetic team in a growing law firmEQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERDiPasquale Moore, LLC provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.Powered by JazzHRoC1RF1pJd8"}, "Bioanalytical Scientist": {"cluster": 5, "description": "Great opportunity to work with a leading global contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) dedicated to the production of cell and gene therapy products.Job Description: Perform laboratory experiments for client project.Perform analytical testing for client project.Preparation and scheduling of laboratory equipment for experiments.Provide technical leadership of client products during manufacturing and development.Direct technical communication with clients during manufacturing and development.Support manufacturing in identifying and resolving manufacturing process constraint.Lead the generation of manufacturing and development documentation.Generating experiment protocols and reports for development projects.Qualifications: Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in relevant life science or engineering discipline.Minimum of 3 years' experience in aseptic cell processing, cell culture and cell analytics under the guidance of scientific protocols.Demonstrated ability to deliver projects to specific timelines and budgets.Experience in working effectively and delegating tasks in a team-based environment. Why work here? For more than 20 years, they have been offering clinical and commercial manufacturing services, development solutions, and technologies while providing outstanding quality and reliability. This opportunity provides fantastic opportunity to progress into leadership roles and a chance to gain exposure with multiple different cell lines.About ActalentActalent is a global leader in engineering and sciences services and talent solutions. We help visionary companies advance their engineering and science initiatives through access to specialized experts who drive scale, innovation and speed to market. With a network of almost 30,000 consultants and more than 4,500 clients across the U.S., Canada, Asia and Europe, Actalent serves many of the Fortune 500.Diversity, Equity & InclusionAt Actalent, diversity and inclusion are a bridge towards the equity and success of our people. DE&I are embedded into our culture through:Hiring diverse talentMaintaining an inclusive environment through persistent self-reflectionBuilding a culture of care, engagement, and recognition with clear outcomesEnsuring growth opportunities for our peopleThe company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please email actalentaccommodation@actalentservices.com for other accommodation options."}, "Brand Coordinator- Entry Level": {"cluster": 91, "description": "Are you ready to move from a BORING cubicle to something more creative? Stoic Management Group is looking for a creative, innovative, and solution-oriented individual to join our Marketing and Sales Department. We are one of the fastest-growing and leading premier agencies in the area that specializes in delivering results in Marketing, Sales, and Brand Awareness.Our Brand Coordinator opportunity is perfect for someone entry-level who wants to step into the Sales, Marketing, and Branding world and experience the back end of what makes a business successful in providing a massive return on investment for its clients! As part of our expanding Entry Level Brand Coordinator team, you will support our initiatives by developing more extensive awareness and consumer loyalty. By bringing to life the client and the brand\u2019s vision through live and creative campaign launches, we will be able to achieve our HUGE goals!Responsibilities for our Entry Level Brand Coordinator:Execute all marketing and sales strategies with the brand coordinator team by company standardsUphold the highest level of customer experience - guided by \u201cthe customer comes first\u201dEnsure clear communication with every customer, client, and team memberMaintain brand standards and promote customer awareness and loyaltyTrack the effectiveness of our campaigns and report metrics to upper managementAttend all required training and entry-level team meetingsRequirements for our Entry Level Brand Coordinator:A minimum of an Associate\u2019s degree in the fields of Marketing/Advertising/Communications or related field is required1-2 years of experience in marketing, sales, advertising, brand coordinator or a customer-facing role is preferredA creative, strategic, and out-of-the-box thinker while working across multiple projects and responsibilitiesFlexible to pivot and work quickly when problems do ariseAbility to work independently or with a close-knit teamComfortable working in a highly fast-paced environmentIf you feel these characteristics match you and what you\u2019re looking for in an Entry Level Brand Coordinator role, APPLY TODAY!Powered by JazzHRS0sM1kVg2Q"}, "CDL Driver Regional": {"cluster": 47, "description": "CLASS A Drivers needed for Savannah Georgia for Home Weekly job delivering forbig Variety store Its a driver unload job great for the active driver Home Weekly Home Weekly For 34 Hour Reset ***** $1000 to $1500 weekly average$52,000 to $78,000 yearly plus great benefits paid weeklyGreat year round CLASS A job in Savannah Georgia Must have good clean recordmust live within 50 miles of Savannah Georgia Call 269-985-7401 job will fill fast!!!Call 269-985-7401 9 to 5 7 days a week!!! $1000 to $1500 weekly up to $78,000 yearlyPowered by JazzHRHywQ3tOZnW"}, "Category Manager": {"cluster": 40, "description": "Aegion Corporation is looking for an experienced Category Manager. This position can be remote.Aegion Corporation and its family of companies shield and protect the world's infrastructure from degradation and corrosion with a variety of technologies. Aegion's businesses comprise sewer, drinking water and energy and mining pipeline rehabilitation and corrosion protection for and strengthening of bridges, tunnels, buildings, waterfront, metal, and concrete structures. Our companies provide cost-effective solutions to remediate operational, health, regulatory and environmental problems resulting from aging and defective pipelines and infrastructure. For more information, visit www.aegion.com.Position OverviewStrategically align with business units and manage all enterprise sourcing activities related to assigned indirect procurement categories in the infrastructure manufacturing and construction space across Aegion. Identify material & service, reliability, and cost reduction opportunities; continuously improve sourcing process; and facilitate supplier selection. Position is based in Chesterfield, MO, and reports to the VP Procurement.Responsibilities:Work collaboratively and proactively with Key Stakeholders to create, implement, lead, and maintain a robust category strategy utilizing all applicable Procurement levers. Lead and manage the supplier qualification, RFP events, supplier selection, contract development, implementation, and ongoing supply base management process. Host RFx events through eCommerce platforms. Craft negotiation strategies to close deals with optimal terms. Develop a deep understanding of the assigned categories and the supplier marketplace. Build and manage relationships with the internal customers and the suppliers that make up the categories\u2019 supply base. Conduct business review meetings with key stakeholders to assess risk, review future strategies, and identify potential cost containment and improvement opportunities. Provide external industry benchmarking as well as cost and scenario analysis reporting to better assess strategy and solutions within the assigned categories. Identify and display sourcing best practices. Challenge existing structure and practices and conduct make vs. buy analysis. Demonstrate a measurable reduction in year over year total cost of ownership for the goods and/or services being sourced without compromising safety, quality of work, and/or service levels. Lead supplier contract management process for all suppliers in assigned categories. Identify alternative sourcing strategies to mitigate material & project risk and drive cost reductions. Train and mentor Aegion personnel in corporate sourcing policy and procedures. Have the flexibility and experience to move across several indirect procurement categories as assigned based on the business needs of Aegion. jobsnowQualifications:7+ years of Procurement experience in category management and leading strategic sourcing activitiesBachelor's degree in business administration, engineering, finance, or supply chain management preferred. Extensive experience in ERP procurement systems (JDE, SAP, Etc.)Excellent written and verbal communication skills; formal presentations are required. CPM or CPSM a plusExperience in the infrastructure construction, manufacturing, and subcontracting industry preferredThe ability to deeply understand and utilize most procurement processes, tools, and systems. Be a proven expert in category planning, development & execution, as well as ability to achieve tangible results in competitive and non-competitive supplier negotiations both directly and as a coach to others. Proven track record of implementing change & increasing Procurement organizational influenceStrong experience with sourcing and supplier managementStrong negotiation and project management skillsSolid judgment with ability to make good decisionsAbility to gather and analyze data and to work with figuresHighly proficient in MS Office SuiteMust be willing to travelWe offer a competitive salary with career growth opportunities and a full benefits package including medical, dental, and vision Insurance, prescription drug coverage, 401k matching, tuition assistance, overtime pay, paid time off, and much more.Aegion is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Aegion is firmly bound. Aegion will not engage in discrimination against, or harassment of, any person employed or seeking employment with Aegion on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, non-disqualifying disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law.VEVRAA compliant \u2013 priority referral Protected Veterans requested"}, "Chief Growth Officer": {"cluster": 32, "description": "Chief Growth Officer This position requires at least 10 years of hands on fundraising experience, diversifying revenue. Our client, Children at Risk, seeks a Chief Growth Officer (CGO). The CGO is a trusted advisor to the CEO and senior team to deliver personalized, superior, measurable long-term performance and capabilities. The CGO also provides leadership and strategic direction to the organization to create relationships that drive sustainable growth, increase revenue, and expand the organization's impact. This executive-level position requires strategic thinking, business acumen, and a deep understanding of the nonprofit sector.The CGO helps ensure that Children at Risk is positioned for the present and future changes needed to continue to improve the quality of life for children in Texas.Key Responsibilities: Lead fundraising efforts for various campaigns, including but not limited to, Individual and Major Gifts, Corporate Sponsorships, Foundation/Government Grants, and Planned Giving.Collaborate in tandem with the CEO and Chief Development Officer, emphasizing new funding and revenue streams for C@R.Partner with CEO and members of the Sr. Team on overall strategy. Be a right-hand person to CEO for all things organizational growth and its related tactics to achieve growth goals.Effectively communicate progress, establish fundraising modeling and policies, address key issues proactively, and establish an annual reporting methodology for internal and external audiences.Work in concert with the agency\u2019s Board of Directors and CEO to identify, cultivate, and personally solicit individuals and organizations who can make annual major gifts to meet or exceed strategic goals.Implement a comprehensive planned giving program; cultivate and solicit planned gifts to meet or exceed strategic goals.Conduct market analysis and identify new opportunities for expansion and revenue generation.Establish and develop strategic relationships with community organizations, businesses, and other stakeholders to support the organization\u2019s growth objectives.Negotiate and manage partnerships that align with the organization\u2019s mission and values.Lead and ensure performance, strategy, and alignment of all growth efforts.Use data and analytics to assess the effectiveness of growth initiatives in marketing, fund development, strategic partnerships, and grants, making data-driven decisions.Provide effective and inspiring leadership, collaboration, and clear direction to department staff, which includes attraction, professional development, and retention of diverse, growth-minded, top professionals.Deliver seamless experience across physical and digital environments that anticipates prospect, donor, and partner needs and integrates broader engagement.Develop, monitor, and forecast revenue pipelines across the organization.Establish KPI framework and methodology for measuring team revenue generating success and forecasting.Cultivate strategic partnerships with diverse communities to maximize C@R\u2019s reach and to grow new business and funding opportunities.Manage revenue operations, ensuring teams are enabled with the right technology, organizational structure, processes, and documentation to deliver exceptional experiences to donor segments.Monitor marketplace and analyze opportunities, synthesizing competitive analysis delivered by product and marketing, enabling the organizational programs to succeed in a sustainable way.Collaborate with internal teams on messaging, strategies, and business models to achieve revenue goals.Partner with other members of the Sr. team to develop and advance inclusive and connected fundraising strategies and practices.Engage C@R\u2019s leaders in cultivating, soliciting, and stewarding philanthropic partner prospects and selected principal prospects.Serve as a champion, articulating the importance of fundraising to all internal and external stakeholders.Qualifications: Proven experience in a senior leadership role, preferably in a nonprofit.Proven track record of growing revenue through new business ventures, philanthropic stewardship, institutional giving, marketing, branding, and partnerships.Excellent relationship skills, forming trust-based relationships with diverse benefactors, trustees, and other stakeholders.Excellent communicator: builds trusted relationships and clearly articulates key value propositions, processes, and performance.Experience working effectively with diverse and historically marginalized individuals and communities.Independent thinker, viewed as a steward of culture, innovation, and change.Financially astute; expert understanding of key financial and marketing metrics that drive profitability and organizational success; leveraging metrics to correct and optimize.Proven experience developing and executing business strategy and related supporting initiatives.Possesses a strong work ethic and ability to maintain a high activity level; ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a dynamic environment. Must be able to work under pressure.Operates with the utmost integrity and values consistent with Children at Risk. Education and Experience:Bachelor\u2019s degree is required.10+ years in diversified leadership roles, driving and implementing revenue growth.Must have demonstrated experience in executing successful high-net-worth fundraising strategies across all aspects of fundraising operations, including building the case, cultivating donors, and soliciting and securing institutional giving, sponsorships, membership, donor programs, planned giving, earned revenue, and new business ventures.Strong North Texas connections are a plus.Along with the ability to work remotely, a strong benefits package, and PTO, Children at Risk offers a base salary plus a rich bonus structure based on mutually agreed-upon goals and overall performance.For more information on Children at Risk, please see their website: https://childrenatrisk.org/EEO/ADA STATEMENTChildren at Risk and PPR are fully committed to Equal Opportunity Employment and to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting employees without regard to their race, gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic disposition, physical or mental disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state, or local law. Both organizations strive to provide a work environment free from discrimination and harassment and where employees are treated with respect and dignity. Our combined intention is that all qualified applicants are given equal opportunity and that selection decisions are based on job-related factors. Our mutual intent is to offer reasonable accommodation during the employment process for individuals with disabilities. If a candidate needs assistance in the application or hiring process to accommodate a disability, they may request accommodation at any time."}, "Class-Tig Welder": {"cluster": 54, "description": "Job DescriptionJob Title: Tig WelderLocation: Allentown PA Shift/Hours: 1st Shift [6:50 am \u2013 2:50 pm] Salary: $24.00 per hour (To Start)Reports To: Production Supervisor/ManagerSumitomo Cryogenics of America, Inc. (Allentown) is currently seeking a (Tig Welder) to join our production team. The Tig Welder will work within the production environment, utilizing their hands-on skills, experience and learned knowledge of our products to ensure manufactured products are produced in accordance with customer and company standards.Essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Perform all duties required to properly Tig weld, with the ability to work from drawings, sketches, procedures, or verbal instructions. Develop, establish, and modify welding techniques and methods, using all types of welding equipment and procedures. Weld, braze, solder, cut, and gouge all types of materials in all positions on components, assemblies and systems manufactured and designed by SCAI. Understand and apply welding symbols and maintain proper sequence of assembly and accuracy of fit-up. Use hand, power tools and precision measuring instruments as necessary. Maintain required certifications under applicable codes if necessary. Operate all Tig Welding equipment necessary for the performance of the duties of the job. Physical Requirements include: be able to lift, push, pull, and move items over 10 \u2013 40 lbsMinimum Requirements:Ability to Tig weld on thin wall stainless steel using fusion & weld wire techniques. High school Diploma or GED; 18 years of age or older. Consistent ability to report to work on time and work scheduled hours; able to adhere to attendance guidelines. Ability to multitask and self-prioritize work in order to successfully accomplish job duties. Ability to work both individually and in an established team setting. Ability to actively listen, understand and effectively communicate and follow verbal and written instructions in English. Basic Computer Skills. Ability to interpret (read) and work from blue printsPrevious forklift experience preferred. Ability to pass a personal background check and/or clearance at time of hire and as required by Customers is required. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without company sponsorshipPhysical RequirementsRegularly required to stand up to 8.0 hrs. Frequently required to walk, climb stairs, stoop, kneel, bend, and or crouch. Occasionally required to lift up to 40 lbs. occasionally required to exert up to 40 lbs. of force to push/pull objects or equipment within a production environment. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision and the ability to adjust focus. Must be able to hear audible alarms and communications. Must be able to work at various heights. Required to use wrists, hands and fingers to manipulate various items. Able to work in an environment that has extreme temperatures, humidity, hazardous/loud equipment, and slippery surfaces."}, "Client Relations Associate": {"cluster": 114, "description": "At Alpha Ascension, we value our partnered clients and share their vision of growth. Our success in creating these long-lasting promising business relationships is due to our dedicated Client Relations and Customer Service Team. Their determined efforts in providing our clients with excellent customer service has overall improved the quality of our client relations. With our client\u2019s upcoming expansion, we are looking to extend our Client Relations and Customer Service Team. If you are team-spirited, share a passion in cultivating relationships, and have a desire to assist others, then the Client Relations Associate role was made for you!Responsibilities of a Client Relations Associate: Establish and maintain long lasting business and client relationships Identify, troubleshoot, and provide clients resolutions to their issues and concerns Maintain open communication between our clients, their consumers, and our Client Relations Associate Team Utilize product knowledge to upsell products and services as needed and assist our sales team in new client acquisitions Provide clients with an individualized purchasing experience and utmost customer service Coordinate with sales team to ensure process orders are completed and installation dates are set Document client\u2019s contact information, ensure their purchase order is correct, and submit all information accordingly to our Senior Client Relations Associates Collaborate with fellow Client Relations Associates, and other Customer Service and Sales team members that all sales targets are met The Ideal Candidate as a Client Relations Associate: High School Diploma or equivalent certification required Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Business Administration, Communications, Marketing, or other related fields preferred 1-3 years of experience working in Client Relations, Customer Service, Hospitality, Sales, or other related fields preferred People-oriented and passionate about building relationships Charismatic and personable demeanor that transpires to fellow Client Relations Associates and other Customer Service team members Results driven and self-motivated to improve interpersonal skills Practices active listening and is empathetic to client\u2019s concernsSolution-oriented and takes initiative in resolving unexpected challengesPowered by JazzHRTsVGhYqwpX"}, "Commercial Real Estate Paralegal": {"cluster": 9, "description": "Robert Half Legal is partnering with a top-rated law firm that's seeking a Commercial Real Estate Paralegal with 5+ years of experience to join their team. This Commercial Real Estate Paralegal will assist attorneys in all aspects of commercial real estate transactions, including documentation, due diligence, development and entitlements, closing and post-closing activities for real estate acquisitions, dispositions, and leasing. Salary is between $80-110K plus bonus and full benefits. This position will have the opportunity to WFH for 3-4 days per week. If you are looking to join one of the top commercial real estate practices, then this is the opportunity for you!Commercial Real Estate Paralegal ResponsibilitiesOrder and review title commitments, exception documents and surveys, interfacing directly with the title company, surveyor and overseeing attorney to resolve any issues or discrepancies.Prepare and administer contract critical dates and closing checklists.Track and assist overseeing attorney with review of due diligence and entitlement documents such as zoning analyses, traffic studies, noise studies, environmental assessments and permits.Coordinate and assist with all aspects of closings, including preparation of conveyance documents, closing statements, and other closing documents.Attend to all post-closing requirements, which will require you to prepare closing indices, prepare and organize closing binders, and monitor all post-closing deliveries and requirementsPrepare initial draft document, amendments to agreements or leases and miscellaneous documents, including estoppel certificates, SNDAs and Memos of Lease for attorney reviewOrder UCC Lein and other searchesFor immediate consideration, please email you resume directly to Justin Rambert, AVP - Permanent Placement at justin . rambert @ robert half com1W,Bachelor Degree 5+ years of experience handling commercial real estate transactionsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications including strong Excel skillsFor immediate consideration, please email you resume directly to Justin Rambert, AVP - Permanent Placement at justin . rambert @ robert half com,Robert Half is the world\u2019s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.Robert Half works to put you in the best position to succeed. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity - whenever you choose - even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, notifications of AI-matched jobs, and much more.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals, including medical, vision, dental, and life and disability insurance. Hired contract/temporary professionals are also eligible to enroll in our company 401(k) plan. Visit roberthalf.gobenefits.net for more information.\u00a9 2024 Robert Half. Robert Half is not a law firm and does not provide legal representation. Robert Half project lawyers do not constitute a law firm among themselves. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking \u201cApply Now,\u201d you\u2019re agreeing to Robert Half\u2019s Terms of Use."}, "Compliance Manager - Affordable Housing": {"cluster": 42, "description": "Job DescriptionAt Percy, we're forging innovative paths to connect people with significant career opportunities at top-tier companies across the nation. We're currently on the lookout for an experienced Compliance Manager to enhance our team in the West Palm Beach, FL.Candidates should be adept at navigating the complexities of housing regulations and possess a keen eye for detail, ensuring compliance and accuracy in all recertification processes. If you're ready to take your career to the next level with a role that offers both challenge and reward, this opportunity is tailor-made for you.Responsibilities And DutiesOversee and manage property complianceConduct File ReviewsQualifications And Skills2+ years of compliance experiencePrior Section 8 and LIHTC experiencePerksHybrid Work StructureMileage and travel reimbursementFull suite of benefits including health, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with employer match, and tuition reimbursement. Ample opportunities for professional development and advancement within the company."}, "Content Curator": {"cluster": 58, "description": "Job DescriptionMetrics LLC is seeking a skilled Content Curator to join our team in delivering daily news briefings for the Office of Public Affairs (OPA) for U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP). The successful candidate will be responsible for compiling, summarizing, and providing links to top news and social media posts relevant to CBP on a daily basis. This role requires a keen understanding of the complex issues related to CBP, adept editorial skills to filter out duplicate or non-critical information, and the ability to respond swiftly to evolving news and issues.Responsibilities:Curate and summarize news articles affecting CBP from various media outlets including television broadcasts, newspapers, newswires, magazines, trade journals, radio, and social media. Monitor and identify trending topics relevant to CBP. Edit out duplicate or non-critical information to provide a concise and comprehensive news briefing. Respond to evolving news and issues related to CBP in a timely manner. Provide access to a wide spectrum of media sources to ensure thorough coverage. Collaborate with team members to ensure accuracy and relevance of content. Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Communications, Journalism, or related field. Proven experience in content curation, preferably in a news/media environment. Strong understanding of current events, particularly those related to law enforcement, homeland security, and border protection. Excellent editorial skills with the ability to distill complex information into concise summaries. Proficiency in utilizing various media sources and monitoring tools. Ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment and meet tight deadlines. Exceptional attention to detail and accuracy. Strong communication and collaboration skills. Company DescriptionProviding quality government consulting in today's resource constrained environment, Metrics LLC balances proven best practices with innovative approaches. Our result: Highly effective outcomes and highly competitive solutions. For more information, go to https://www.metrics-llc.com/home.htmlProviding quality government consulting in today's resource constrained environment, Metrics LLC balances proven best practices with innovative approaches. Our result: Highly effective outcomes and highly competitive solutions. For more information, go to https://www.metrics-llc.com/home.html"}, "Customer Service ( Remote work )": {"cluster": 115, "description": "Employer Industry: Customer ServiceWhy Consider This Job Opportunity Up to competitive pay Opportunity for career advancement and growth within the organization Remote work flexibility available Health insurance with dental and vision coverage Excellent retirement plan Supportive and collaborative work environmentWhat To Expect (Job Responsibilities) Provide excellent customer care and focus Answer and manage incoming calls, emails, chats, and/or interactive voice response systems Record, organize, and file customer interactions and account changes Up-sell products if needed Schedule call back and appointments to resolve customer needsWhat Is Required (Qualifications) Previous experience in customer support, client services, sales, or a related field Excellent communication skills over the phone and other platforms Basic computer skills and experience Ability to multitask Excellent time management and prioritization skillsHow To Stand Out (Preferred Qualifications) 0-2 years of experience in customer service or related field#CustomerService #RemoteWork #CareerGrowth #CompetitivePay #HealthInsuranceAt Talentify, we prioritize candidate privacy and champion equal-opportunity employment. Central to our mission is our partnership with companies that share this commitment. We aim to foster a fair, transparent, and secure hiring environment for all. If you encounter any employer not adhering to these principles, please bring it to our attention immediately.Talentify is not the EOR (Employer of Record) for this position. Our role in this specific opportunity is to connect outstanding candidates with a top-tier employer.Talentify helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS."}, "Customer Success Manager": {"cluster": 72, "description": "About Our ClientOur client provides advertising software enabling brands to engage audiences across Connected TV, web, and mobile platforms. Performance TV has revolutionized television advertising, emphasizing direct-response and performance marketing on Connected TV. With a decade-long track record in web retargeting, the company has driven substantial revenue for numerous top brands. Partnered with industry leaders like Petsmart, Build with Ferguson Master, Simplisafe, Yieldstreet, and National University, the hiring company offers transparency and campaign control with rapid campaign launch capabilities.About The Role:Our client is in search of a Customer Success Manager tasked with ensuring the success, retention, and growth of their designated portfolio of customers. The successful candidate will expertly guide customers through their journey with the company, fostering strong relationships and delivering strategic recommendations aligned with client goals. In addition to autonomously managing their client base, the Customer Success Manager will collaborate with subject matter experts across departments to drive growth opportunities, mitigate risks, and ensure high customer satisfaction levels. Ideal candidates will possess strong motivation, a data-driven approach, natural curiosity, and exceptional communication and relationship-building skills. Moreover, candidates should demonstrate empathy, proactivity, and a customer-centric mindset, along with a sound grasp of the digital marketing landscape.Responsibilities Include:Customer Relationship:Build and maintain enduring customer relationships, understanding their objectives and aligning solutions with their needs.Act as the main point of contact, offering guidance, addressing inquiries, and proactively exploring growth opportunities.Educate customers on product solutions, best practices, and accompany them throughout the customer journey.Collaborate with various teams to ensure customers receive expert support for successful resolutions and support.Retention:Drive customer retention and satisfaction by implementing strategies to maximize lifetime value.Identify risks and develop solutions collaboratively to enhance customer experience.Lead relaunch initiatives by coordinating with internal specialists to design effective reactivation plans.Revenue:Identify and present cross-sell and upsell opportunities, driving revenue growth and expanding market share.Analyze account performance data to offer data-driven insights to customers and enhance advertising offerings.Work closely with the sales team to achieve success with new customers and expand partnerships.Industry Expert/ Thought Leader:Communicate the company's value proposition and solutions, aligning them with customer objectives.Demonstrate industry expertise and thought leadership, contributing to the adtech landscape.Act as a subject matter expert, providing insights to internal and external stakeholders.Requirements:3+ years of experience in Customer Success, Account Management, or Client Services.1+ year of experience in Digital Marketing/Advertising, with a preference for Connected TV/OTT exposure.Strong interpersonal skills for building authentic customer relationships.Proficiency in analytics to derive actionable insights presented strategically.Autonomous operation with problem-solving abilities.Perks:Remote work available within the US.Generous vacation policy with an annual allowance.Monthly three-day weekends.Competitive compensation package.Full healthcare coverage.401k plan.Flexible Spending Account for dependent, medical, and dental care.Access to coaching, therapy, and professional development opportunities."}, "Desktop Support Specialist": {"cluster": 49, "description": "Job Title: Desktop Support Location: Greenwood, SC (Onsite)Position Type: 6-12 Months ContractEssential Skills:Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers, and scannersMonitoring and maintaining computer systems and networksResponding in a timely manner to service issues and requestsProviding technical support across the company (this may be in person or over the phone)Setting up accounts for new usersRepairing and replacing equipment as necessaryProviding day-to-day Operations Technology (OT) and infrastructure support for the site, encompassing various business areas such as Quality Control, Manufacturing, Engineering, Controls Automation, and FacilitiesTesting new technologyPossibly training junior staffAny IT Certification is a plusExperience in Active Directory (AD), inTune, Azure, and ServiceNow"}, "Digital Marketing Strategist": {"cluster": 22, "description": "Job Description Job Title: Digital Marketing Maverick Where You'll Rock: Boca Raton, FL (The Heart of Sunshine and Innovation) Who We Are: 561 Media - Where Creativity Meets Awesome! Type of Adventure: Full-TimeWhat's the Buzz About?Hey there, digital dynamos! Are you ready to dive into a world where marketing dreams come to life? 561 Media, not just another agency, but a digital wonderland in Boca Raton, is on the lookout for a Digital Marketing Strategist (or as we like to say, a Digital Marketing Maverick) who\u2019s ready to shake things up and make marketing magic!Your Mission (Should You Choose to Accept It):Client Onboarding Extravaganza: Welcome new clients into our family, get the scoop on their dreams, and set the stage for marketing awesomeness. Crafting Digital Journeys: Whip up a 6-month marketing concoction that dazzles and delivers. Team Heroics: Be the maestro, conducting a symphony of tasks and team roles with flair. KPI Ninja Moves: Join forces with account management ninjas to keep those KPIs soaring high. Tech Wizardry: Cast spells with Asana, Google Marketing Platform, Meta, and more!Idea Incubator: Hatch out-of-the-box, jaw-dropping creative concepts. Normal is boring, right?Strategic Superpowers: Launch and steer strategies that are out of this world. Are You The Chosen One?Digital marketing runs through your veins. A wand-wielding pro in Asana, Google Marketing Platform, Meta. A visionary in marketing strategies and creative brainwaves. Communication skills that could charm a parrot. A multitasking wizard in a land of tight deadlines. Degree in Marketing, Business, or something equally cool. Perks of Joining Our Clique:Paychecks that make you smile. A workplace that\u2019s more fun than a barrel of monkeys. Grow like a superhero in your career story. Ready to Jump into This Kaleidoscope?Zip\"Join 561 Media: Unleash creativity, fuel growth, and redefine digital marketing in sunny Boca Raton!\"us your resume and a cover letter that screams \u201cI\u2019m the Maverick you need!\u201d Show us your sparkle, and let\u2019s make marketing history together!Company Description561 Media is a Full-Service Design and Marketing Agency specializing in Digital Marketing such as Custom Website Design, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media Marketing, Social Media Management, Web Development, and Branding. We offer a very non-corporate, fun work environment located in the heart of downtown Boca Raton. We are experiencing explosive growth and are looking for motivated individuals seeking the last job they will ever need.561 Media is a Full-Service Design and Marketing Agency specializing in Digital Marketing such as Custom Website Design, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media Marketing, Social Media Management, Web Development, and Branding. We offer a very non-corporate, fun work environment located in the heart of downtown Boca Raton. We are experiencing explosive growth and are looking for motivated individuals seeking the last job they will ever need."}, "Digital Travel & Marketing Specialist (Remote)": {"cluster": 21, "description": "Are you a passionate traveler with a flair for digital marketing? Do you dream of a career that allows you to work remotely, all while enjoying incredible travel perks and the potential for uncapped commissions? Your journey to a fulfilling career starts here!About Us: Join our team of Digital Travel & Marketing Specialists and embark on an exciting adventure where your love for travel and your digital marketing expertise come together to create a thriving remote career. No prior experience is necessary because we provide comprehensive training and certification to transform you into a travel and marketing expert.What We Offer: Training and Certification: As a Digital Travel & Marketing Specialist, you'll embark on a journey of learning and growth. We provide top-notch training, equipping you with the knowledge and skills to assist clients in planning their dream travel experiences while also mastering digital marketing strategies. Remote Flexibility: Say goodbye to the traditional office setting. With our business opportunity, you have the freedom to work from the comfort of your own home or anywhere you choose. Whether you're at your home office or exploring the world, you can connect with clients, leverage your marketing skills, and share your love for travel. Cutting-Edge Software: Access recently launched software that outperforms major competitors like Priceline, Expedia, and Hotels.com in pricing. This exclusive tool ensures your clients get the best rates, making your services even more appealing. Travel Perks: Immerse yourself in exclusive travel perks and discounts that enhance your own travel experiences. As a Digital Travel & Marketing Specialist, you'll gain access to insider deals on flights, accommodation, tours, and more. Uncapped Commissions: Your earning potential knows no bounds. The more travel experiences you help clients with and the more effectively you market your services, the more you can earn. Your success is only limited by your dedication to providing top-notch travel and marketing services. Fulfilling Career: Your role is to assist clients in planning their ideal travel itineraries while also leveraging your digital marketing skills to promote your services. Whether it's a romantic getaway, a family adventure, a solo expedition, or a group vacation, you'll be their trusted partner in creating unforgettable memories.Responsibilities:Assist clients in planning and booking transportation, accommodation, activities, and more.Collaborate with clients to understand their preferences and create personalized travel itineraries.Leverage digital marketing strategies to promote your travel services and attract clients.Provide clients with information, brochures, and recommendations to enhance their travel experiences.Use promotional techniques and materials to showcase enticing travel packages.Address and resolve any travel-related issues or concerns.Stay updated with the latest travel trends and destinations and apply marketing insights to grow your business.Skills:Passion for travel and helping others.Digital marketing skills, including social media marketing, SEO, and content creation.Strong communication and interpersonal skills.Ability to work independently and collaboratively.Benefits:Flexible Schedule.Personal Website.Daily Training Available.Join Us Today: Combine your passion for travel with your digital marketing expertise to create a fulfilling and flexible remote career. No experience is required\u2014just a genuine passion for travel, marketing, and a desire to make every journey extraordinary.Ready to turn your love for travel and marketing into a rewarding and flexible remote career, armed with cutting-edge software? Contact us today to learn more and begin your journey as a Digital Travel & Marketing Specialist!Powered by JazzHRi0ARHQOuuW"}, "Entry Level Marketing Manager": {"cluster": 80, "description": "For those who find themselves eager to express their creativity, live an active lifestyle, and are unafraid to stand out, Aces Global Inc. has the job for you!There are hundreds of brands out there and thousands of products and services. There is an even wider variety of companies to choose from when bringing one's brand to life. So what makes us stand out?At Aces Global Inc, we have expanded exponentially over the past decade thanks to our dedicated and reliant Entry Level Marketing Manager team. We have put a massive focus on growth from within for our employees because we believe they encompass our core values. We have an incredibly diverse group of Entry Level Marketing Managers who make all of our goals a reality. Our Entry Level Marketing Managers play a crucial role in maintaining our growth by putting their creativity to the test and implementing cutting-edge campaigns that have truly set us apart from the competition. The Entry Level Marketing Manager will also be implementing new growth strategies, predicting customer expectations, and optimizing the entire market. Assist us in spreading the message of our client's brand and join our incredible team!Entry Level Marketing Manager Responsibilities:Create marketing campaigns that will be innovative and align with the target audience to exceed growth demands.Develop campaigns by conducting market research and generating ideas that will allow us to reach customers from all demographics.Work closely with our sales teams to ensure that we are optimizing our marketing funnel and formulating new strategies.Attend weekly training sessions to enhance your skills in prospecting new customers and sales opportunities.Serve as the lead point of contact for all our customers' accounts. Multitask when conducting marketing campaigns, developing new outreach programs, and working within a team. Coordinate with other departments to ensure that all company goals are met. Entry Level Marketing Manager Qualifications:Must be 18 years + Bachelor's degree is preferred but not requiredWillingness to work independently and within a team environment Creative mindset and unafraid to share new ideas Ability to problem solve and follow through on work assignments Excellent communicative skills when reaching out to customers Outgoing demeanor to be able to execute campaigns directly with customers and continue to build positive work relationships Powered by JazzHRBsqLV5U6EQ"}, "Entry-level Information Technology (IT) Role": {"cluster": 97, "description": "Year Up is a one-year or less, intensive job training program that provides young adults with in-classroom skill development, access to internships and/or job placement services, and personalized coaching and mentorship. Year Up participants also receive an educational stipend.The program combines technical and professional training with access to internships and job placement support through our industry-leading talent placement firm YUPRO Placement. If you receive an internship, it may be at Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Lowe's Companies, Inc. or other leading organizations in the Charlotte area.Are you eligible? You can apply to Year Up if you are: - 18-29 years old - A high school graduate or GED recipient - Eligible to work in the U.S. - Available Monday-Friday throughout the duration of the program - Highly motivated to learn technical and professional skills - Have not obtained a Bachelor\u02bcs degreeWhat will you gain? Professional business and communication skills, interviewing and networking skills, resume building, ongoing support and guidance to help you launch your career. Some coursework is eligible for college credit. During the internship phase, Year Up students earn an educational stipend of $525 per week.In-depth classes include: - Application Development & Support - Business Fundamentals - Banking & Customer Success - Cyber Security - Data Analytics - Project Management SupportGet the skills and opportunity you need to launch your professional career. 80% of Year Up graduates are employed and/or enrolled in postsecondary education within 4 months of graduation. Employed graduates earn an average starting salary of fifty-two thousand dollars per year.PandoLogic. Keywords: IT Assistant, Location: Charlotte, NC - 28254"}, "Event Coordinator (Remote)": {"cluster": 13, "description": "Event Coordinator - Combine Your Passion for Travel and Event Planning into a Rewarding CareerAbout Us: Join our team of Event Coordinators and embark on an exciting career that combines your love for travel and event planning. We have partnered with an award-winning agency with over seventy years of experience, holding the credentials and expertise to support your journey. No prior experience is necessary because we provide comprehensive training, certification, a flexible schedule (part-time or full-time), generous travel perks, and a commission-based earning structure with uncapped commissions. Additionally, you'll have access to recently launched software that outperforms major competitors in pricing, along with a professional website to promote your services.Opportunity Highlights: Training, Certification, and Website: As an Event Coordinator, you'll receive top-tier training and certification to equip you with the knowledge and skills needed to plan and coordinate remarkable events. We'll also provide you with a professional website to showcase your services, making it easy for potential clients to connect with you. Flexible Schedule: Enjoy the freedom to choose your own hours, whether you prefer a part-time or full-time schedule. Our remote business allows you to work on your terms, accommodating your other commitments. Travel Perks: Immerse yourself in a world of travel perks and benefits. As an Event Coordinator, you'll gain access to exclusive discounts, insider deals, and travel industry insights, enhancing your own travel experiences. Commission-Based Earnings: Your earning potential is commission-based, offering the opportunity to earn unlimited commissions as you assist clients in planning and coordinating their events. Your success is directly tied to your dedication and commitment to providing exceptional service. Cutting-Edge Software: Access to our recently launched software, which outperforms major competitors in pricing and availability. This tool ensures that your clients receive the best deals on event arrangements, including venues, catering, entertainment, transportation, and more.Key Responsibilities:Collaborate with clients to understand their event requirements, including type, theme, budget, and location.Plan and coordinate events, ensuring that all client preferences and needs are met, from venue selection to event logistics.Utilize your creativity and event planning skills to create memorable and seamless experiences for clients.Promote event planning services to attract potential clients and close event planning deals.Assist clients in booking event arrangements, securing vendors, and managing event timelines.Address and resolve any event-related issues or concerns promptly and professionally.Stay up-to-date with the latest event trends, industry standards, and creative event planning strategies.Provide excellent customer service to build long-lasting client relationships.Qualifications:Passion for travel, event planning, and a creative mindset.Strong communication and interpersonal skills.Attention to detail and a commitment to delivering outstanding service.The ability to work independently and manage your own schedule effectively.Join Us Today: If you're passionate about travel, event planning, and have a creative flair, this remote business opportunity is tailored for you. Whether you're new to event planning or have previous experience, we welcome individuals who share our dedication to creating unforgettable event experiences.Ready to turn your love for travel and event planning into a rewarding and flexible career as an Event Coordinator? Contact us today to learn more and begin your journey with us!Powered by JazzHRdoalt63O65"}, "Field Technician - Heavy Equipment": {"cluster": 65, "description": "Job DescriptionOur customers are the people who build Texas and we're proud to help them get the job done. ROMCO EQUIPMENT COMPANY has supported the biggest names in the Texas construction and mining industries by filling their heavy equipment needs since 1961.ROMCO is currently seeking an experienced heavy equipment field mechanic to join the team supporting the Central Region. This position will service the Midland, TX surrounding areas and report to the ROMCO Midland branch.Job PurposeThe Heavy Equipment Field Technician is responsible for the repair of construction machines, component assemblies, and parts in the shop and field, including diagnosing, parts ordering, technical report writing, warranty reporting, maintaining care of company assets, and proper communication with others. This position reports to and is under general supervision of the Shop Foreman.Essential Functions And ResponsibilitiesRepair equipment and components, includingDevelopment of a repair plan and sequenceDetermining necessary parts, materials, tooling, etc. Performing repairs properly and safely, with proper quality assurance testing of repair component or system and machineMaintain and complete all necessary reports legibly and in a timely fashion for parts ordering, special tooling usage, daily service reports, and work order closureCommunicate progress of repair with direct supervisor as requiredRetrieve & return of parts and/or materials through Company\u2019s parts ordering systemRetrieve & return of special tools through Company\u2019s Tool Room. Maintain proper care and use of special tools including major shop equipment, such as but not limited to, air compressor, cleaning tanks, overhead and jib cranes, etc. Use Company vehicle, service truck, and fuel cards properly including notifying supervisor immediately of any issues with the vehicleMaintain work area and/or service vehicle in a safe and clean mannerMaintain tools & tool carrier in a safe, productive and updated mannersAdhere to all company policies and proceduresOther duties and projects as assignedKnowledge, Skill, And Ability RequirementsOperation and maintenance requirements of heavy duty construction equipmentHazards and Safety precautions of tradeThe care and use of hand and power tools employed in all phases of heavy equipment mechanical maintenance and repair workThe use of servicing equipment such as A/C recycler, hydraulic jack, or emission analyzerAbility to diagnose defects in heavy equipmentExcellent written and verbal communication skillsPossess strong and effective customer service skillsAbility to maintain a high degree of professionalism and integrityDisplay excellent judgement at all timeEducation And ExperienceHigh School Diploma or equivalentAssociate Degree in Diesel or Equipment Technology or four (4) Years of apprenticeship experience preferredThree to five years of related experiencePhysical DemandsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee must be alert and is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds long distances (more than 20 feet). Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the use and operation of a vehicle. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the position.Working Conditions And Additional RequirementsThis job operates in an office and field environment. Office hours are from 8:00am to 5:00pm with occasional needs outside standard business hours to accommodate meetings, training and projects. Some travel may be required. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, moving mechanical parts and vibration. The noise level in the work environment can be loud.This position routinely requires use of personal or company vehicles on company business. Individuals must be physically capable of operating the vehicles safely, possess a valid driver's license and maintain an acceptable driving record. Employees in this position will be subject to random Motor Vehicle Record and alcohol and drug testing as a condition of continued employment.DisclaimerThis job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the position and it is not intended to be an exhaustive list of skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceLicense/Certification:Driver's License (Required)Work Location: Multiple locations"}, "Finance Manager": {"cluster": 6, "description": "Job DescriptionFinance ManagerHighly reputable, HVAC technology contractor in business for over sixty (60) years, specializing in mechanical systems for schools, hospital, correctional institutions, industrial facilities, and commercial buildings, has an opportunity for you to contribute to the strategic development of this organization. We have experienced unprecedented growth as we continue to service the area. Our reputation is built on quality, personalized service, and strong attention to detail.Reporting to the CFO, the finance managers main responsibilities will include managing the finance department and bookkeeping operations, including FP&A, AR, and Lien specialist functions. We are offering a competitive base salary, plus a performance bonus, as well as comprehensive benefits, paid holidays and accrued PTO.Essential ResponsibilitiesPrepare financial reports, summaries, manuals, and books, while creating forecasts and predicting future growth. timely and accurately.Manage financial planning and analysis, including budgeting, cash management, financial modeling, forecasting, and investment analysis.Advise, promote, and engage with funding partners, through active dialog and communication.Oversee budget preparation, and audit functions. Review planning process and suggest improvements to current methods.Work with CPA to Prepare Company Taxes and Certified Financial Statements.Analyze departments in need of reorganization, downsizing, and elimination, as well as expansion into new product lines.Study long-range economic trends, project their impact on future growth in sales and market share, while identifying opportunities for expansion into new product areas.Essential RequirementsBachelor\u2019s degree in finance or related field. Master\u2019s degree and/or CPA is a plus.Five (5) years of bookkeeping and AR, investment analysis, banking relationship management experience.Three (3) years of financial planning, investment analysis experience.Training and certification in bookkeeping. Three (3) years financial planning, investment analysis, and team management.Excellent management, and supervisory, analytical, and organizational, verbal, and written skills.Ability to sit for indefinite periods of time and move between offices for meetings and other work activities if necessary.We are an equal employment opportunity company with a drug-free workplace. In addition to the competitive wages and incentives, we provide the opportunity to become an integral part of the continued growth of our organization. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Veterans are encouraged to apply."}, "Follow Up Coordinator- Record Retrievals": {"cluster": 45, "description": "Job DescriptionImedview, Inc. is one of the pioneering companies in the nation for independent medical exams. We pride ourselves on impeccable customer service and client relations. Our company has hired over 35 new employees in 2023 and is consistently adding to our exceptional staff!We are actively hiring a Record Retrievals Follow-Up Coordinator to our Retrievals Department. As a Record Retrievals Coordinator, you would be responsible for gathering the receipt of multiple medical records for a claimant. This involves data entry, follow-up phone calls and preparing documents for our clients. A successful retrieval assistant will be able to work well independently as well as with others and has the ability to multitask.Responsibilities and Qualifications include, but not limited to:Communicating with medical facilities and offices to receive medical records. Follow- up calls to ensure quick return time for our clients. Uploading documents to cloud-based softwareOrganizational SkillsNot afraid to learn new technology/software. Medical office/customer service experience preferred. Benefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental InsuranceHealth InsuranceVision InsurancePaid Time offCompany DescriptionImedview provides record management and scheduling services for litigated cases. With over 20+ years in the IME industry, Imedview continues to be innovative and offers new services to assist our clients.Imedview provides record management and scheduling services for litigated cases. With over 20+ years in the IME industry, Imedview continues to be innovative and offers new services to assist our clients."}, "Foundation Coordinator": {"cluster": 92, "description": "All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:  Paid Days Off from Day One Student Loan Repayment Program Career Development Whole Person Wellbeing Resources Mental Health Resources and SupportOur Promise To YouJoining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. It\u2019s about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.Schedule: Full TimeShift: DaysThe community you\u2019ll be caring for: AdventHealth Zephyrhills, Dade City and Wesley Chapel AdventHealth Pepin Heart Institute, known across the country for its advances in cardiovascular disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment and research. Surgical Pioneers - the first in Tampa with the latest robotics in spine surgery Building a brand new, six story surgical and patient care tower which will ensure state of the art medical and surgical car for generations to come Awarded the Get With The Guidelines - Stroke GOLD Quality Achievement Award from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association and have been recognized as a recipient of their Target: Stroke Honor Roll for our expertise in stroke care. We have also received certification by The Joint Commission in collaboration with the American Stroke Association as a Primary Stroke Center.The Role You\u2019ll ContributeWe are looking for an energetic, passionate Foundation Coordinator to join our AdventHealth Foundation Pasco County team! This team member will report to the Executive Director of the AdventHealth Pasco County Foundations, primarily supporting philanthropy priorities and donor relations, but also assisting with administrative duties. The ideal person for this role can pivot from cultivating new donors, coordinating events, promoting the Foundation\u2019s compelling mission to donor software entry within a day\u2019s work. They love the Foundation\u2019s purpose, and never mind the chance to help at events and build relationships, but on other days find satisfaction in crafting donor impact reports and creating presentations that will help the team drive progress and meet goals. Other duties as assigned.The Value You\u2019ll Bring To The Team Support philanthropy events by leading coordination with team; project managing from beginning to post-event; working with Executive Director and Foundation Board to ensure success of the event; and managing all communications and development of event assets. Serve as lead for AHZ, AHDC, and AHWC Foundation Friends of the Foundation and Employee Giving working with respective AH Foundation board members who chair FOF Working with the West Florida Division team on Employee Giving to coordinate activities. Maintain Blackbaud/Raisers Edge donor software for KPI tracking and relationship management. Support fundraising goals with stewardship of donors.QualificationsThe expertise and experiences you\u2019ll need to succeed:  Bachelor\u2019s degree Three or more years of experience in hospital environment, preferably in related fields in fundraising, marketing, donor relationsThis facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances. The salary range reflects the anticipated base pay range for this position. Individual compensation is determined based on skills, experience and other relevant factors within this pay range. The minimums and maximums for each position may vary based on geographical location."}, "Full-Stack Engineer": {"cluster": 62, "description": "This is a remote position. Full-Stack Engineer (1 year experience, remote)Be part of our future! This job posting builds our talent pool for potential future openings. We'll compare your skills and experience against both current and future needs. If there's a match, we'll contact you directly. No guarantee of immediate placement, and we only consider applications from US/Canada residents during the application process. Hiring Type: Full-Time Base Salary: $57K-$67K Per Annum.What You Get To Do every day:Build and maintain business-critical software to process and record customers' retirement savings Collaborate with other engineers and stakeholders to share knowledge and build expertise Develop ownership over domains in our system and make informed engineering tradeoffs Advocate for and delight internal and external users Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes What you bring to the role:1 year of experience building and maintaining software in production Desire to work with the following technologies: Node, TypeScript, React, AWS and PostgreSQL Top-notch communication skills. You can communicate well with engineers and non-engineers alike Enjoy mentoring other engineers and deeply reviewing their code Proactive and empathetic mindset - you love to roll up your sleeves to fix problems for our customers Nice to have:Experience using and developing component libraries/design systems Familiarity with React Hooks Prior knowledge of GraphQL System design & architecture experience Self-driven and willing to learn"}, "Gis Technician": {"cluster": 2, "description": "Description:Description of Planned work by Supplemental Worker / Job Responsibilities: Create engineering construction prints using Esri mapping applications Ensure GIS changes are posted timely and accurately Adhere to mapping standards including but not limited to offsets, annotation, and symbology Engage in storm restoration activities Validate GIS model connectivity and correct connectivity issues /Perform quality control and data validation activities Demonstrate ownership of assigned work Demonstrate ability to troubleshoot problems and implement solutions Provide basic GIS application support to users Demonstrate Our ValuesSkills:Gis, Autocad, power systems, electrical systems, Esri, utility systems, spatial queries, DOTTop Skills Details:Gis,Autocad,power systems,electrical systems,EsriAdditional Skills & Qualifications:GIS/Geography 4 year degreeExperience Level:Intermediate LevelAbout ActalentActalent is a global leader in engineering and sciences services and talent solutions. We help visionary companies advance their engineering and science initiatives through access to specialized experts who drive scale, innovation and speed to market. With a network of almost 30,000 consultants and more than 4,500 clients across the U.S., Canada, Asia and Europe, Actalent serves many of the Fortune 500.Diversity, Equity & InclusionAt Actalent, diversity and inclusion are a bridge towards the equity and success of our people. DE&I are embedded into our culture through:Hiring diverse talentMaintaining an inclusive environment through persistent self-reflectionBuilding a culture of care, engagement, and recognition with clear outcomesEnsuring growth opportunities for our peopleThe company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please email actalentaccommodation@actalentservices.com for other accommodation options."}, "Industrial Maintenance Technician": {"cluster": 66, "description": "Job DescriptionThis position contributes to the success of manufacturing and warehousing by troubleshooting, installing, maintaining, and repairing, process equipment, physical structures, piping, and electrical systems.Job Duties: Repairs and maintains the physical structure of the establishment.  Sets up and operates machine tools such as lathe, grinders, drills, and milling machines to repair or fabricate machine parts, jigs and fixtures, and tools.  Operates cutting torch or welding equipment to cut or join metal parts.  Log daily work hours; including projects, repairs, PMs, housekeeping, and attaching used parts to work orders, PMs, and projects, etc. Categorize work properly utilizing pre-programmed work fields, filling out all necessary fields including employee, hrs., downtime, date, and notes. Utilize software for work history reports, location of new electronic requests, current scheduled work, scheduling new work, upcoming PMs, spare quantities, and locations.  Use Microsoft Office applications for updating of downtime reports, and developing breakdown and equipment improvement reports. Assist in updating and writing of standardized work instructions.  Troubleshoots and maintains pneumatic, hydraulic, and mechanical systems.  Installs and repairs automated machinery and equipment Performs PMs as scheduled and sets maintenance standards, utilizes philosophies of 5S, Kaizen, 5 whys, and lean manufacturing.  Coordinates repair times, procures parts in performing planned work; including quoting, ordering of parts, outsourcing of labor, managing projects, and ensuring shift responsibilities are completed; including reports, turnovers, and safety issues.  Dismantles machines or equipment, replacing defective parts and motors, and adjusting feed mechanisms.  Bends, cuts, threads, glues pipe, cuts openings in walls, ceilings, and floors for pipes, and seals pipe joints with sealing compound.  Cleans work area, tools, and equipment.  Performs other routine duties. Job Requirements:One year certificate from college or technical school required; Associate's degree or equivalent from two-year College or Technical school preferred. 3 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Experience with Microsoft Office ProductsAbility to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Work Environment: While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly exposed to work near moving mechanical parts and fumes or airborne particles.The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.Physical Demands: Must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and on occasion up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand and climb or balance.This employee is also expected be able to work at height via, ladder, lift, etc.The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl and talk or hear.Disclaimer:The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by persons assigned to this job. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed by the organization.Company DescriptionReich LLC is a subsidiary of Reich USA GmbH. Together with Reich GmbH in Germany it is a leading manufacturer of turned parts, ball bearings, components for fuel injection systems and other automotive parts.Officially founded on 30 September 2010 Reich LLC is situated in the heart of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Arden just South of Asheville, North Carolina. Production of precision turned parts started only one year later in September 2011. By the end of 2014, the number of employees had increased to more than 100 producing over 1 million transmission and steering parts every year.Reich LLC is a subsidiary of Reich USA GmbH. Together with Reich GmbH in Germany it is a leading manufacturer of turned parts, ball bearings, components for fuel injection systems and other automotive parts. Officially founded on 30 September 2010 Reich LLC is situated in the heart of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Arden just South of Asheville, North Carolina. Production of precision turned parts started only one year later in September 2011. By the end of 2014, the number of employees had increased to more than 100 producing over 1 million transmission and steering parts every year."}, "Instructional Specialist (Hiring for Multiple Specialties)": {"cluster": 24, "description": "Free job-searching + PD for educators. Find a school you love!Position DescriptionSeeking Instructional Specialists at multiple partner school sites (school-specific role descriptions available upon profile approval).Role Types Available:Curriculum SpecialistLiteracy CoachInstructional CoachSchool Orientation and Mobility SpecialistSpeech Language PathologistHow To ApplyCreate a single profile at  with any of our hiring schools that meet your preferences. Only one application is needed to be considered by all relevant schools\u2014our schools will then reach out to you with their matching vacancies and directions.About Schools + Support on Selected Create a complimentary account to learn about and connect with our schools that match your search preferences. Access our library of educator resources to help you thrive in your position.We accept applications on a rolling basis and encourage candidates to apply as soon as possible to avoid missing opportunities at the best-fit hiring schools.Why ApplyCandidates accepted onto our free platform will be:Marketed to hiring schools matching your position-search preferences (names, resumes, and contact information shared only with schools you actively choose to connect with)Fast-tracked as pre-screened, priority candidates with a recommendation to hiring managers as a pre-screened, Selected-approved candidateApproved to access our full library of educator resources (blog, course modules, webinars, and more) on everything from acing the teacher interview to classroom managementProvided with 1:1 candidate search support to turn to for interview prep and professional development opportunitiesGiven the option to job-search in private-modeQualifications + EligibilityFor our team to review and approve your profile application, you must:Be currently located AND authorized to work in the USCurrently reside in (or willing to relocate to) one of our school regionsJob TypeFull-time (May also have Part-Time and Contract positions available)Salary RangeCompetitive; varies by role type and schoolPowered by JazzHRg1VHuJR4uU"}, "Internet-Based Hotel Reservationists-Entry Level": {"cluster": 34, "description": "We're actively searching for individuals with a sharp attention to detail and a customer-centric mindset to join our team as Internet-Based Hotel Reservationists. If you possess outstanding communication skills, radiate warmth, and harbor a genuine love for hospitality, we extend a warm invitation for you to partner with us today! We provide comprehensive training to equip you for success.Responsibilities:Handle hotel reservations, addressing inquiries, booking accommodations, and confirming room availability.Interact with guests via phone, email, or in-person to manage reservation inquiries, modifications, and cancellations.Assist guests during check-in and check-out, ensuring a seamless process and addressing any special requests or concerns.Process reservations, gather payment details, and issue invoices or receipts as required.This remote opportunity offers the flexibility to work from your own home or any location with internet access. We prioritize work-life balance, empowering you to manage your workload according to your preferences.As a Hotel Reservationist , you have the chance to seize control of your financial future. This isn't just a job; it's an opportunity to establish your own business within our framework. Determine your income potential, and we'll provide the support and resources to help you flourish, transforming your passion into a thriving venture.Benefits:Remote position with a flexible work environment.Competitive compensation.Travel perks and discounts for personal and professional travel.Complimentary training.Familiarization (FAM) Trips.Supportive team environment.Qualifications:Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills, with a friendly and courteous demeanor.Strong organizational and multitasking abilities.Attention to detail and precision.Ability to work independently and collaboratively as part of a team.Comprehensive knowledge of travel destinations, attractions, and various travel products and services.Exceptional customer service and problem-solving skills.Passion for travel and a commitment to helping others create unforgettable experiences.Must be 18 years or older.Must be fluent in English.This entry-level role serves as your gateway into the dynamic world of the travel industry. Taking this initial step enables you to positively impact travelers' lives while nurturing your professional journey. Explore the world, one exceptional experience at a time \u2013 kickstart your entrepreneurial venture today. This is a 1099 Business Opportunity, not just a job.Available in USA, United Kingdom, Argentina, Australia, Mexico, Costa Rica, Panama, PeruPowered by JazzHRaEm6tjgBe1"}, "Java Developer": {"cluster": 74, "description": "Responsible for analysis, design and development of applications/use cases within framework of current application and enterprise frameworks. The application is a Cloud/Java\u00a0application. Knowledge/Skills: Knowledge of cloud development (PCF),\u00a0Java, Weblogic application servers,\u00a0java\u00a0scripting, Spring Boot, agile methodology. Knowledge of full software development lifecycle. Analytical and problem solving skills. A positive goal orientated attitude with a focus on delivery. Experience in React, docker development would be a plus. Major Duties: \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Design detail technical solutions using best available technology \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Consult with business partners on requirements, organize and synthesize to technical requirements and designs \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Work with architects, designers and framework groups on best solution for business and IT \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Design, develop and unit test components as defined above \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Ensure code meets standards and tested appropriate to the platform Experience \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 2-3 years experience working in Cloud environment \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 7-10 years\u00a0Java\u00a0experience \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 3+ years of Spring Boot, ReactJS experience Skill Set \u00e2\u0080\u00a2\u00a0Java(required) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Spring Boot(required) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Cloud Familiarity (MS Azure & PCF preferred) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Web/Java\u00a0Scripting(required) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 ReactJS (required) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2Microservice (required) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 iOS and Android experience (nice to have) \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 Cloud Deployment (nice to have) Skills Deatils: full stack,\u00a0java\u00a08, PCF, Financial Services, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, React, Spring Additional Skills & Qualifications: Must take a Full Stack-Java\u00a0and React assessment Requirements \u00e2\u0080\u0093 7-10+ years of software\u00a0developer\u00a0experience in\u00a0Java\u00a0and related technologies Advanced knowledge and at least 4 years of experience in Spring Boot and REST API development 2 years of experience in front end development in ReactJS Hands-on experience in DevOps, CI/CD practices Hands-on experience with Kafka and other message broker technologies Hands on experience in SQL databases such Oracle and NoSQL databases like Mark Logic Advanced knowledge on Microservices architecture and migration from monolithic applications"}, "Java Full Stack Developer": {"cluster": 17, "description": "Role: Java Full Stack DeveloperLocation: Boston MA (Onsite)Job Type: ContractResponsible for design patterns, multi-threading, concurrency, error handling, streams and functional programming.Responsible for maintaining the code quality, coding and implementation standards by code reviews.Develop the presentation layer, which includes the development of user interactive web pages using JSP, GWT, Struts.Develop processing component to retrieve customer information from Oracle database, developed DAO layer using Hibernate as ORM and involved in configuring hibernate to access database.Integrate Struts with Hibernate to interact with the database.Use Web services (RESTful) for calling external services.Develop the presentation layer, which includes the development of user interactive web pages using JSP, Struts tag with HTML5, CSS3.Use JIRA to keep track of project, creating stories, subdividing tasks, keep track of our work and bugs.Use Web services (SOAP) for transmission of XML data over HTTP.Built and deployed the application using Apache Maven.Responsible for creating JUNIT component class for testing business logic.Involve in writing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures.Implement MVC architecture using struts frameworks.Core product installation and configuration. Includes browser installation, WebSphere server installation, Oracle SQL database administration. Multi App set up.Analyze the issues that arise in the Production Environment, Providing Root cause for the issue and proactively fixing the production issues.Optimize the performance of the system for higher efficiency.Role: Java Full Stack Developer Location: Boston MA (Onsite) Job Type: Contract Responsible for design patterns, multi-threading, concurrency, error handling, streams and functional programming.Responsible for maintaining the code quality, coding and implementation standards by code reviews.Develop the presentation layer, which includes the development of user interactive web pages using JSP, GWT, Struts.Develop processing component to retrieve customer information from Oracle database, developed DAO layer using Hibernate as ORM and involved in configuring hibernate to access database.Integrate Struts with Hibernate to interact with the database.Use Web services (RESTful) for calling external services.Develop the presentation layer, which includes the development of user interactive web pages using JSP, Struts tag with HTML5, CSS3.Use JIRA to keep track of project, creating stories, subdividing tasks, keep track of our work and bugs.Use Web services (SOAP) for transmission of XML data over HTTP.Built and deployed the application using Apache Maven.Responsible for creating JUNIT component class for testing business logic.Involve in writing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures.Implement MVC architecture using struts frameworks.Core product installation and configuration. Includes browser installation, WebSphere server installation, Oracle SQL database administration. Multi App set up.Analyze the issues that arise in the Production Environment, Providing Root cause for the issue and proactively fixing the production issues.Optimize the performance of the system for higher efficiency.Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company."}, "JavaScript Developer": {"cluster": 53, "description": "This is a remote position. JavaScript Developer (1 year experience, remote)Be part of our future! This job posting builds our talent pool for potential future openings. We'll compare your skills and experience against both current and future needs. If there's a match, we'll contact you directly. No guarantee of immediate placement, and we only consider applications from US/Canada residents during the application process. Hiring Type: Full-Time Base Salary: $58K-$68K Per Annum.Description:As a JavaScript Developer, you will be responsible for developing and implementing web applications, user interfaces, and other interactive elements using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand project requirements, design innovative solutions, and deliver high-quality code.Responsibilities:Develop interactive web applications using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Collaborate with designers and product managers to implement user interfaces that are visually appealing and intuitive. Write clean, efficient, and reusable code. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate front-end and back-end functionalities. Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and best practices in JavaScript development. Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. Proven work experience as a JavaScript Developer or Front-End Developer. Strong proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue.js. Familiarity with server-side technologies such as Node.js. Knowledge of responsive design and mobile-first development. Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Strong communication and collaboration abilities. Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment. A portfolio of past projects or code samples will be highly advantageous."}, "Junior Cloud Systems Engineer": {"cluster": 23, "description": "This is a remote position. Junior Cloud Systems Engineer (1 year experience, remote)Be part of our future! This job posting builds our talent pool for potential future openings. We'll compare your skills and experience against both current and future needs. If there's a match, we'll contact you directly. No guarantee of immediate placement, and we only consider applications from US/Canada residents during the application process. Hiring Type: Full-Time Base Salary: $57K-$67K Per Annum.Description:The Cloud Systems Engineer will be a part of a growing team focused on infrastructure services. The Individual must have experience working with cloud technologies including Amazon Web Services (AWS).Responsibilities:Supporting Microsoft Windows Server and Active Directory Designs/implements/migrates/supports virtual Windows environments Creating PowerShell/Python scripts to support further environmental automation for our customers Create and implement AWS environments Building VP C's Building EC2 instances Creating and managing Storage Gateways Creating Amazon FSx and data sync tasks for file server migrations Working with AWS Systems Manager Maintaining AWS Consoles for customer environments Understanding of security solutions (McAfee / Symantec, AV, SIEM, etc.) Designing, implementing, and performing cloud migrations for the infrastructure engineering organization. The position demands direct interaction with cross-functional teams and both internal and external customers. Migrating customer environments to AWS utilizing Cloud Endure or other Creating Infrastructure as Code via CloudFormation or Terraform Engage with engineering teams to support existing customer environments Providing support to our teams for technology transformation and refresh initiatives Partners with suppliers, architects, engineers, developers, and both internal and external customers to provide expert guidance to project stakeholders on upcoming and innovative technologies Provides specific technical expertise to solve complex problems on project-specific activities. Qualifications & Skills:Excellent MS Windows Server 2016, 2012, and 2008 troubleshooting ability Experience with Linux Expert knowledge of Active Directory Experience with AWS / Azure Experience in building highly available environments Experience with VMware virtualization technologies Experience and knowledge of the Cloud including Infrastructure as a Service, and public and private cloud solutions. Database migration experience Hands-on experience with server and operating system technologies Hands-on experience with virtualization technologies Data Center/Server Operational Components (Monitoring, Management, etc.). Demonstrated ability to be a team player in a fast-paced environment Attention to detail, results driven with focus on high quality and excellent customer service as well as the ability to multi-task. Ability to keep calm during a period of crisis and to provide the leadership and direction required to resolve the issue. Can perform independently with minimal supervision and make decisions in ambiguity. Strong emphasis on following ITIL standards and maintaining regulatory compliance. Preferred Certifications Experience with Linux Experience with storage platforms Experience with Veeam Backup solution Experience with clustering and certification with hypervisor technologies Education:Bachelor's Degree or 1 year of extensive IT experience in multiple disciplines Certifications in AWS Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Preferred VMware Certified Professional (VCP) Preferred Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) Preferred"}, "Junior Full Stack Developer React/Python": {"cluster": 33, "description": "- Remote Job, 1+ Year ExperienceAnnual Income: $60K - $65KA valid work permit is necessary in the US/CanadaAbout us: Patterned Learning is a platform that aims to help developers code faster and more efficiently. It offers features such as collaborative coding, real-time multiplayer editing, and the ability to build, test, and deploy directly from the browser. The platform also provides tightly integrated code generation, editing, and output capabilities.Responsibilities:Architect, design, and implement solutions to complex engineering problems Provide coding expertise in Python (FastAPI and Django), React JS, TypeScript, SQL, NoSQL, and AWS to develop frontend and backend applications. Collaborate with other developers to deliver working software solutions Assist project management with planning, product roadmap planning, and release planning Assist with code reviews and technical reviews Qualifications:1 year of professional experience with React JS and Python Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, or related Good communication skills, both oral and written Nice to Have experience:Mobile app development in React Native Thirst For Tech Learning Benefits401(k) matching Flexible spending account Flextime Health insurance Health savings account Paid time off Relocation assistance Tuition reimbursement Why Patterned Learning LLC?Patterned Learning can provide intelligent suggestions, automate repetitive tasks, and assist developers in writing code more effectively. This can help reduce coding errors, improve productivity, and accelerate the development process.The pattern recognition is particularly relevant in the context of coding. Neural networks, especially deep learning models, are commonly employed for pattern detection and classification tasks. These models simulate human decision-making and can identify patterns in data, making them well-suited for tasks like code analysis and generation."}, "Junior Technical Artist": {"cluster": 15, "description": "Junior Technical Artist - Hybrid (3 days in office) Job, 1+ Year ExperienceAnnual Income: $61K - $78KA valid work permit is necessary in the USAbout us: Patterned Learning is a platform that aims to help developers code faster and more efficiently. It offers features such as collaborative coding, real-time multiplayer editing, and the ability to build, test, and deploy directly from the browser. The platform also provides tightly integrated code generation, editing, and output capabilities.About The RoleIn this role, you will work closely with the production, art, design, and engineering teams to execute visual objectives.What you will be doingHelp create standards for artistic workflows and pipelines Amplify artistic capabilities while maintaining efficient and sustainable memory and performance Identify new opportunities to incorporate technology to increase art workflow efficiency and quality Contribute to lighting, VFX, shade, post effects, and other real-time rendering considerations according to platform or engine Generate sample or example 3D content or assets to demonstrate best practices for quality within technical limitations RequirementsA solutions provider, particularly as it pertains to developing techniques to meet quality targets with difficult technical constraints. Highly proficient communication skills and capacity to act as an ambassador between art and engineering Familiarity with pipeline tool-sets for lighting, VFX, shades, and content optimization Understanding and proficiency with Unreal and Unity engines Experience translating artistic requirements into a sustainable workflow Experience with character or object rigging and animation implementation BenefitsPaid health care coverage, dental, and vision Equipment of your choice Remote-friendly Flexible working hours 401k with matching (3%) Why Patterned Learning LLC?Patterned Learning can provide intelligent suggestions, automate repetitive tasks, and assist developers in writing code more effectively. This can help reduce coding errors, improve productivity, and accelerate the development process.Pattern recognition is particularly relevant in the context of coding. Neural networks, especially deep learning models, are commonly employed for pattern detection and classification tasks. These models simulate human decision-making and can identify patterns in data, making them well-suited for tasks like code analysis and generation."}, "Lead Teacher, 3rd Grade (SY24-25)": {"cluster": 43, "description": "Position: Lead Teacher, 3rd GradeOrganization: Southwest Leadership Academy Charter SchoolSchool Year: 2024-2025Location: Philadelphia, PA 19142Salary: $50-75K per yearAbout UsSouthwest Leadership Academy Charter School (SLA) was founded to address the need for community access to exceptional, leadership-based education in the heart of southwest Philadelphia. Southwest Leadership Academy Charter School supports over 600 students in grades K-8 in single-sex classrooms, leveraging research from the world-renowned Gurian Institute around socio-emotional learning and differentiation between the sexes, fueling growth, leadership, and engagement for all students. Kindergarten and 1st grade classrooms are supported by two educators from the SLA team. This translates to more individual student attention and increased opportunities for differentiated instruction.We understand that a collaborative learning environment between teachers, parents, and school staff is crucial to setting up every child\u2019s educational success.Our Mission and Life at SLASLA is committed to building talented and committed cadres of teachers charged with the skills to develop leaders by empowering scholars to change the factors that define their reality. Our staff will work with students to develop the leadership skills necessary to drive complete community rejuvenation in Southwest Philadelphia. In developing these skills, students will cultivate an array of leadership components that they can apply to community change on a global scale.Job DescriptionThis role is for you if \u2013Like SLA, you believe that EVERY childis a LEADER capable of academic achievementcan positively impact and contribute to the school and communityneeds a positive and hopeful definition of reality in order to succeedKey ResponsibilitiesAn SLA Teacher is charged with providing instruction to our students and is specifically responsible for, but not limited to:Implementing instruction according to the school\u2019s educational goals and objectives by focusing on high standards and achievement for all students, including ELL and/or those who receive special education services.Instructing classes as assigned by leveraging school curriculum and texts and other support materials as needed.Providing timely and actionable feedback to students regarding their assignments and assessments.Developing and Implementing lesson and unit plans to support effective delivery of instruction.Encouraging students to set and maintain standards of behavior needed to achieve.Maintaining a functional learning atmosphere in the classroom.Providing for continuous evaluation of student progress consistent with school established goals and policies.Maintaining student records and other pertinent data as determined by the school.Facilitating students\u2019 progress and growth toward stated objectives of instruction within the limits of the resources provided by the school.Actively participating in all professional development, team planning, and data analysis meetings as needed.Collaborating with grade level and/or content peers to create a consistent learning experience for students.An ideal candidate for this role will demonstrate the following and/or have experiences with:Commitment to the success of all SLA students and specifically to raising the academic achievement of children in high-poverty communities and/ or children with special needs.Desire to grow professionally and seek out new opportunities to learn; and integrity and clarity in all communications and interactions.Ability to use data to inform instructionInnovative teaching methodologies through techniques such as team teaching, demonstrations, simulations, and consultations.Outstanding interpersonal and teamwork skills.Ability to critically assess challenges and identify effective instructional/behavioral solutions to support the success of each of his or her students.Exceptional classroom management skills.Able to thrive in a fast-paced environment.Strong working knowledge of technology used to design and differentiate instruction for students.Additional InformationSalaryCompetitive salary based on education and experience.BenefitsMedical, Dental, and Vision PlanFlexible Spending Account403(b) Matching PlanEmployment PeriodTen (10) Months, non-tenurable positionSouthwest Leadership Academy Charter School is an equal opportunity employer. Employees are selected on the basis of ability without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, marital status, or sexual orientation, in accordance with federal and state law.Powered by JazzHR8blsLUXZy4"}, "Legal Assistant": {"cluster": 56, "description": "Job DescriptionLegal Assistant for Small Law Firm in Cocoa, FLFull Time - Monday to Thursday - 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.No Health Insurance is provided or offered. No other benefits.Paid Holidays - 10 days per year.Non-SmokerSalary depends on experience.Responsibilities to include, but not limited to: Answering phone calls and emails.  Managing the office calendars, including scheduling and coordinating hearings, depositions, mediations, and client appointments.  Logging in and distributing mail and emails.  Familiar with State Filing (E-Portal filing) Opening and closing client files.  Accepting and logging in client payments.  Copying and filing.  Ordering office supplies.  General office work.  Familiarity with criminal and family law a plus, but not required.  Assisting the Paralegal with various projects.  Some Bookkeeping experience, including knowledge of Sage program, or similar. This is not a Paralegal position. This is for a Legal Assistant to work with the Attorney and Paralegal."}, "Life Enrichment Coordinator": {"cluster": 75, "description": "Under the supervision of the Center Administrator/Director of Recreation, the Life Enrichment Coordinator assesses the needs, interests and capabilities of participants and develops individualized recreation plans. In addition, collaborate with other Life Enrichment Coordinators, plan, organize, direct and participate in a comprehensive recreation program tailored to the general and individualized needs and limitations of frail elderly program participants.Must have medical clearance for communicable diseases and up-to-date immunizations before having direct participant contact.Must have a valid driver\u2019s license, proof of insurance and have means of transportation. Must be able to meet EveryAge's auto insurance carrier's standards for coverage.Education: Bachelor's Degree in Recreation Therapy or college degree in related field preferred. Education or training in geriatrics, including dementia strongly preferred. Must be currently licensed, registered or certified as a Recreational Therapist or Director of Activities Certified by the State of North Carolina.CPR and First Aid: Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) and First Aid certification required.Experience: Must have two (2) years\u2019 experience in a social or recreational program providing and coordinating services for a frail or elderly population."}, "Low Voltage Technician": {"cluster": 113, "description": "Install, maintain, and repair low-voltage systems, including cabling, routers, switches, access points, and other network equipment Pulling and fishing Ethernet cables to ensure proper installation and cable dressing for optimal performance Terminate Ethernet cables following industry standards for structured cabling systems Replace Enterprise network equipment such as access points and switches as needed, ensuring minimal disruption to network operations Conduct testing and troubleshooting of Wi-Fi and ethernet connections using specialized testing equipment to identify and resolve issues promptly Collaborate with other team members to ensure seamless integration of low-voltage systems with the overall network infrastructure Keep accurate records of work performed, equipment installed, and configuration changes made to facilitate tracking and maintenance Provide technical support and assistance to end-users in resolving network-related issues in a timely and efficient manner Stay updated on industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies to enhance expertise and contribute to continuous improvement initiativesRequirements Proven experience as a Low Voltage Technician or in a similar role, with a focus on cooling, fishing, and terminating Ethernet cables Hands-on experience in replacing Enterprise network equipment like access points and switches Proficiency in using tools such as a laptop, drill, Ethernet equipment, and Ethernet testing equipment to perform job responsibilities effectively Strong knowledge of low-voltage systems, structured cabling, and network infrastructure and cable certification Familiarity with industry standards and regulations governing low-voltage installations and conducti Wi-Fi surveys Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot network issues efficiently Good communication skills and the ability to work well both independently and as part of a team Detail-oriented approach to work with a focus on accuracy and quality in all tasks performed Flexibility to adapt to changing priorities and work schedules in a fast-paced environmentEducation and Certifications: High school diploma or equivalent is required Certification in low-voltage systems, structured cabling, or related field is preferred Additional certifications in network equipment installation and maintenance are a plusWorking Conditions: This role may require working in various indoor and outdoor environments, including construction sites, data centers, office buildings, and customer premises May involve lifting, bending, and standing for extended periods, as well as using tools and equipment to perform job duties Flexibility in working hours may be necessary to accommodate project deadlines and client requirements"}, "Maintenance Supervisor- Requisition (37447)": {"cluster": 61, "description": "Job DescriptionSCOPE & PURPOSEUnder the daily direction of the Property Manager, the Maintenance Supervisor is responsible for the overall maintenance of the physical plant, as well as overseeing the maintenance staff. (S)he may be asked to perform other duties as assigned, as per their Manager and/or Regional Director.Duties & ResponsibilitiesDuties & responsibilities may include, but not limited to:Ensuring that all maintenance activities in a facility are appropriately carried out. Maintaining and upholding the quality and standards of an organization. Keeping a record of all maintenance and service activities conducted and maintaining a cycle of the same. Ensuring proper working shifts of employees. Recruiting maintenance staff and evaluating their performances. Interacting with other departments to ensure the proper functioning of all systems in a facility. Complying with all safety norms and regulations set by the industry. Delegating work to subordinates and ensuring the timely completion of the same. Filing purchase orders and other documentations for the procurement of spare and replacement parts. QualificationsApproximately 10 years\u2019 experience in one or more of the following areas:CarpentryLight plumbing workLight electrical workPaintingRefurbishing and cleaningExtensive experience with supervisory responsibilities. One semester of college or equivalent trade-related courses. Familiarity with contract work hours, and Safety Standards Acts, is highly desirable. HVAC Certification. Ability to effectively manage time and meet all specified deadlines. Should have good leadership and organizational skills, as well as the ability to motivate team members. Physical DemandsAbility to continuously stand or walk. Ability to bend, squat, climb stairs, and lift frequently. Ability to lift up to 25 pounds consistently, and up to 50 pounds occasionally. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action StatementIt is the policy of Residential One that no person within the jurisdiction thereof shall, on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination or harassment (including all forms of sexual harassment and sexual violence).Great work-life balance, medical, dental, vision, company paid life insurance, 401k matching, generous time off, mental health support and a FREE gift sent directly to your home in the first month of employment! Who doesn\u2019t like gifts?!Company DescriptionResidentialONE is a premiere property management company in the mid-Atlantic region.We are committed to creating the best apartment living experience for our residents through award winning management.We are also dedicated to providing our clients with customized, creative, and thoughtful management and real estate services.We believe that success is created through a powerful combination of expertise, experience, and a commitment to offering the highest level of service to our residents, clients, and fellow team members.ResidentialONE is a premiere property management company in the mid-Atlantic region. We are committed to creating the best apartment living experience for our residents through award winning management. We are also dedicated to providing our clients with customized, creative, and thoughtful management and real estate services. We believe that success is created through a powerful combination of expertise, experience, and a commitment to offering the highest level of service to our residents, clients, and fellow team members."}, "Marketing Associate": {"cluster": 87, "description": "With years of experience in the communication field, Stoic Management Group has created relationship-based methods focused on our innovative marketing outreach techniques. There is no secret to our success. We simply build genuine, respectful, and transparent relationships with our clients and exceed their expectations. Our mission is to teach all our Marketing Associates practical communication skills to create a more authentic consumer experience, resulting in an increased brand reputation for our expanding clientele.Our company was built on the philosophy of leading by example, encouraging competition, and maintaining a respectful work environment. As a Marketing Associate, you will communicate with top sales and marketing executives to take our client's brands to new heights. We are seeking a Marketing Associate who is eager to excel, willing to learn from industry leaders, and ready to bring their ideas to the table.Responsibilities for the Marketing Associate include:Relay brand messaging professionally and promote our client\u2019s services directly to potential customers.Communicate effectively and appropriately to create connections during customer interactions.Learn to solve problems creatively while demonstrating high integrity.Build brand knowledge to adequately communicate each featured product/service offering adequately to consumers.Provide support and report customer feedback to the Marketing Associate Manager to increase customer retention. Attend weekly meetings to discuss marketing strategies and client needs.Create networking connections with other Marketing Associate professionals to understand better and improve communication tactics.For the Marketing Associate position, we are looking for candidates with the following requirements:A degree in Marketing, Business Management, or Communications is desired.Ability to stay level-headed and take the initiative when problems arise.Strong communication and interpersonal skills to relate to a variety of people.Desire to expand skillset and eager to grow professionally.Ability to manage feedback from other Marketing Associates proactively and implement changes immediately.Relevant experience in past marketing, promotions, or sales roles is helpful.Powered by JazzHRWsmHt4HAz2"}, "Mechanical Engineer": {"cluster": 31, "description": "Job DescriptionThis role is located at our US Headquarters in Noblesville, IN. PURPOSEDefining problems, conducting and narrowing research, analyzing criteria, finding and analyzing solutions, and making decisions. Much of an engineer's time is spent on researching, locating, applying, and transferring information.Essential DutiesCreativity, innovation of assigned tasks and existing processes and/or productReliability, be available to complete tasks as required by internal/external customer requirementsCommunicate internally in the department or with individuals directly associated with assigned tasks (verbal and written)Occasional travel; mainly for training purposes, customer support, or trade showsTake verbal and/or written directions on tasks, training, or department/company policiesProvide verbal and or written results, a summary of tasks, or requests to various persons during the execution of tasksProduce the end product of requested tasks in the form of components, assemblies, drawings, data files, proposals, or reports. PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORK ENVIRONMENTSustained posture in a seated position for prolonged periods of timeThe occasional physical demand of moving or rearranging files and file storage boxes, and or productFast-paced office environmentMinimum RequirementsBachelor\u2019s Degree in an Engineering discipline or the equivalent in appropriate education and experience as determined by managementProficient with CAD software (Design & Manufacturing disciplines)Basic understanding of common manufacturing processesGood oral and written skillsAbility to deal with internal and external customers tactfully and in a professional mannerCompany DescriptionSMC Corporation of America is a part of a global organization that supports our customers in every industrialized country and is the U.S. subsidiary of SMC Corporation based in Japan. Since its establishment, SMC has been a leader in pneumatic technology, providing the various industries with technology and products to support automation based on the guiding principle of \u201ccontributing to automation labor savings in industry.\u201d Over the past 50+ years, SMC's products have become established as a recognized international brand through sales, technical, supply and after sale services in world markets. Sales have grown to achieve a 30% global market share.Subsidiaries and joint ventures have been setup in a total of 53 countries. Production facilities are located in 30 countries. In addition, a sales network extends throughout 83 countries, with local services in 500 locations. SMC offers technology accumulated through the years, engineers that bring it to life in new products, production capacity which can deliver a variety of products in a short time, and an extensive sales network in the U.S. and throughout the world.With its goal of ever more advanced automation, and using its many achievements as a base, SMC is developing high-quality, highly reliable products to contribute to automation in industry, as well as in familiar areas of everyday life.SMC Corporation of America is a part of a global organization that supports our customers in every industrialized country and is the U.S. subsidiary of SMC Corporation based in Japan. Since its establishment, SMC has been a leader in pneumatic technology, providing the various industries with technology and products to support automation based on the guiding principle of \u201ccontributing to automation labor savings in industry.\u201d Over the past 50+ years, SMC's products have become established as a recognized international brand through sales, technical, supply and after sale services in world markets. Sales have grown to achieve a 30% global market share. Subsidiaries and joint ventures have been setup in a total of 53 countries. Production facilities are located in 30 countries. In addition, a sales network extends throughout 83 countries, with local services in 500 locations. SMC offers technology accumulated through the years, engineers that bring it to life in new products, production capacity which can deliver a variety of products in a short time, and an extensive sales network in the U.S. and throughout the world. With its goal of ever more advanced automation, and using its many achievements as a base, SMC is developing high-quality, highly reliable products to contribute to automation in industry, as well as in familiar areas of everyday life."}, "Mechanical or Chemical Engineer (III+)": {"cluster": 67, "description": "Job DescriptionThis is a unique opportunity to primarily support our hydrogen services including hazards analysis, training, testing, and forensics. WHA consults for many well-known organizations at the forefront of the rapidly growing hydrogen economy with applications involving electrolyzers and other production systems, fuel cells, distribution and storage systems, and hydrogen transportation applications. WHA also supports start-ups with amazing new technologies involving hydrogen, so the diversity of applications and clientele is extensive and world-wide.For this position, WHA is seeking a Full-time Mechanical Engineer with at least 7 years of experience. The position requires knowledge and experience of piping/pressure systems in any industry. Piping/pressure system experience with hydrogen, flammable gases, cryogenics, oxygen and/or other oxidizers is highly desirable.The technical onboarding phase will consist of undertaking WHA\u2019s series of hydrogen safety courses and working directly with WHA\u2019s Hydrogen Services Lead on various customer hazard analysis projects. Becoming familiar with WHA\u2019s processes for project opening and management will be a critical part of the onboarding phase.Once the technical onboarding phase is completed, the position will begin to contribute to moderately complex aspects of hazard analysis projects and play a key role in helping our customers ensure safe hydrogen operations. Work will be generally independent and collaborative in nature while working in our hydrogen services teams. As experience at WHA develops, the career path would likely include supporting failure analysis and testing projects and becoming a WHA hydrogen safety training instructor.Travel domestically and internationally for this position is approximately 25% of your schedule. This level of travel will likely be much lower in the technical onboarding phase.Due to the nature of the work, the candidate must be a US Citizen.Qualifications:Education:B.S. degree or higher in Mechanical, Chemical, Aerospace, or related engineering fieldExperience:7+ years of experience in mechanical engineering with a minimum of 5 years\u2019 experience with piping/pressure systemsComprehension of P&IDsCommunicating with various roles in an organization and/or with customers about engineering topics (e.g., project status, progress reports). Desirable:Project management experienceExperience with hydrogen, flammable gases, cryogenics, oxygen and other oxidizers (in order of preference)Experience in fire and explosion scienceExperience with hydrogen technologiesKnowledge of hydrogen safety codes/standards (e.g., NFPA, ISO)Familiarity with ASME B31.3, B31.12 or B31.1Customer interfacing and developing quotes with detailed cost estimates. Technical Skills:Broad knowledge of engineering procedures and assists in the resolution of complex problems. Capable of learning new database platforms for project management and document handlingFamiliarity with engineering drawing packages (2-D and 3-D), and Mathcad is desirableComputational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) modeling is desirableExcellent communication skillsTechnical report writingBenefits & Work HoursBenefits include 100% of the employee's medical, dental, and vision insurance, paid parental leave, 401(k) with a company match of 3%.Other Benefits to include a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for unreimbursed health, dental, and vision expenses in which employees may qualify to participate. AFLAC provides supplemental insurance coverage (disability, cancer, accident, etc.) at a reduced rate for WHA employees and families paid by the employee through payroll deduction.Work Schedule: Monday through Friday from 8:30 am \u2013 5:00 pm, 40 hours per week. Alternative work schedules such as Flextime and 9/80 are available based on Management approval.Paid Time Off: Up to four (4) weeks per year based on weekly scheduled hours, and up to 10 company-paid holidays.Compensatory (Comp) Time: Accumulation of comp time for hours worked more than full-time schedule.Profit Sharing Bonus: Semi-annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company profits.Company DescriptionWHA International, Inc. (WHA) was founded in 1987 with a special emphasis on failure analysis and forensic engineering. From the early years, the company\u2019s focus was to provide just resolution of forensic engineering disputes, using the scientific method for testing and evaluation.Before long, numerous industries began looking to WHA not just for answers about past incidents, but for critical information on how to stay safe around oxygen and other hazardous fluids. WHA\u2019s capabilities expanded organically beyond failure analysis to include our current suite of comprehensive consulting, hazards analysis, training, testing and cleaning services. As the hydrogen economy continued to grow in the 21st century, WHA increased staffing expertise and has since supported notable projects and accident investigations around the world, adding hydrogen as an additional core area of expertise.Our hydrogen consultants maintain active leadership roles in standards committees. They are also active participants in the Center for Hydrogen Safety (CHS) and members of the Hydrogen Safety Panel. Through application of best practices and fundamental scientific knowledge of hydrogen properties and combustion risk, WHA staff is committed to helping the hydrogen economy grow safely and securely.WHA International, Inc. (WHA) was founded in 1987 with a special emphasis on failure analysis and forensic engineering. From the early years, the company\u2019s focus was to provide just resolution of forensic engineering disputes, using the scientific method for testing and evaluation. Before long, numerous industries began looking to WHA not just for answers about past incidents, but for critical information on how to stay safe around oxygen and other hazardous fluids. WHA\u2019s capabilities expanded organically beyond failure analysis to include our current suite of comprehensive consulting, hazards analysis, training, testing and cleaning services. As the hydrogen economy continued to grow in the 21st century, WHA increased staffing expertise and has since supported notable projects and accident investigations around the world, adding hydrogen as an additional core area of expertise. Our hydrogen consultants maintain active leadership roles in standards committees. They are also active participants in the Center for Hydrogen Safety (CHS) and members of the Hydrogen Safety Panel. Through application of best practices and fundamental scientific knowledge of hydrogen properties and combustion risk, WHA staff is committed to helping the hydrogen economy grow safely and securely."}, "Meeting Planner": {"cluster": 59, "description": "Description:This position is responsible for all aspects of Meeting Planning for Medical Education programs from inception to completion and will act as a true business partner with Medical Education, and other integral internal functions to ensure delivery of the highest quality and a consistently excellent customer experience.This role will manage production for the entire event cycle, including venue sourcing, contract negotiation, AV/production sourcing, ground transportation, F&B planning, event design, event management technology, attendee registration and management, onsite event support, pre/post event evaluations, as well as program budget management and reconciliation.This person will have excellent time management, meet strict deadlines, have keen attention to detail, strong communication skills both written and verbal, and the ability to manage multiple tasks while maintaining a high level of customer service. Event Management Planning:Manage all aspects of event planning for Medical Education courses.Prepares budget and monitors expenditures for each meeting.Manages logistical support and provides direction to meeting staff, vendors, and hotel counterparts for pre-planning, onsite execution, and post planning. Meetings ranging in size from 40-500 attendees.Conducts site selection and contract negotiation. Assists with city selection, creates, and sends RFPs, review, and present proposals.Cultivate relationships with hotel and AV partners and remain attuned to industry trends and market conditions in top destinations across the region.Ensure adherence to all Compliance, Code of Conduct and local laws regarding interactions with Health Care Providers (HCP).Troubleshoot and handle any issues that arise on the event day.Conduct Venue sourcing and negotiations via Cvent Supplier Network (where applicable)Compiles price lists and negotiates contracts for services, dates, times, and spaces.Tracks and processes all changes, including updating hotel confirmation numbers and cancellation numbers, room name changes.Provides reports such as: rooming, participants list, ground transportation, group air, arrival and departure, food and beverage, translation etc.Knowledge of meeting planning policies, procedures, compliance, and business practicesOversee client experiences from conception through post-event review; manage on-site preparations, production, and event breakdown; and ensure consistent, high-level service throughout all phases.Locate resources, visit sites, and lead pre-event meetings to help staff make decisions about event design. RequirementsExperience 5-7 years of progressive experience in meeting planning and coordination, preferably in the medical industry.CMP PreferredCvent Advanced Certification PreferredStrong background in hospitality and event managementDomestic travel required 25% Competencies:Ability to understand customer priorities and use industry knowledge to help achieve goalsSelf-motivated and ready to take on challenges and work under stress in a fast-paced environmentAbility to handle pressure and make good decisions quicklyFlexibility for domestic or international travel, as neededHighly detail oriented with a critical degree of accuracy regarding event detailsStrong interpersonal and communication skillsPrepared to work flexible hoursExcellent interpersonal and customer service skills.Excellent organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail.Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines."}, "Microbiology Lab Tech (Night Shift)": {"cluster": 10, "description": "An extraordinary career opportunity is now available for an experienced Microbiology Lab Tech (Night Shift) in the Monsey, NY area. An innovative hospital is looking to add a Night Shift Microbiology Lab Tech to join their award-winning microbiology laboratory.Known for their laboratory services, emergency department, and perioperative services, this progressive hospital prides itself on offering only the best personalized patient care. This reputable hospital has worked hard to maintain their honorable reputation by loyally serving their community for over 80 years. Providing care that effectively treats every patient\u2019s physical and mental health needs is the top priority for this hardworking staff. The Microbiology Lab Tech will be a critical team member not just within the microbiology laboratory, but within the entire hospital system. Joining this innovative department, the Microbiology Lab Technician will be working in a fast-paced environment focused on maintaining the honorable reputation this hospital has built for themselves.Directly reporting to the Coordinator of the Microbiology Laboratory, the Microbiology Lab Tech must be able to take direction well. Working closely with other Microbiology Lab Techs, this individual must be able to collaborate well with others and work together to meet any departmental goals.Tasked with the responsibility of making investigative diagnoses, the Microbiology Lab Technician must be able to prepare detailed reports in order to expedite pertinent treatment plans for patients. The Microbiology Lab Tech will be required to complete various laboratory duties such as analyzing clinical specimens including blood, urine, body fluids, CSFs, and stools. Complying with the hospital\u2019s rules and regulations, the Microbiology Lab Tech must continue to engage in departmental education training sessions to ensure all their performance duties are up-to-date. Additionally, the Microbiology Lab Tech must keep confidentiality of all results of processed specimens, and be able to communicate these findings with pathologists. Working closely with the microbiology laboratory department staff, the Microbiology Lab Tech must be an active team player and be able to offer their expertise and knowledge for any pressing issues.Situated in the Monsey, NY area, the Microbiology Lab Tech will be surrounded by fine dining, upscale shopping, and scenic parks. Additionally, the beautiful homes and ranked school systems will provide the Microbiology Lab Tech and their family marvelous opportunities. The Microbiology Lab Tech will have easy access to New York City and explore the lively city life. The best of both worlds is at the Microbiology Lab Tech\u2019s fingertips!This progressive hospital is moving quickly to add a Microbiology Lab Tech to join their microbiology laboratory and are fully prepared offer a competitive compensation and full benefits package. Act fast and apply today!Microbiology Lab Tech (Night Shift), Lab Tech Microbiology (Nights), Night Shift Microbiology Lab Tech, Night Shift Microbiology Laboratory Technician, jobs, New York, New Jerseybriana@cmcwest.com"}, "Monitor": {"cluster": 12, "description": "First for a reasonFirst Student is the largest school transportation provider in North America with more than a century of experience providing safe and reliable transportation. We work with 1,250 school districts in 39 states and 8 Canadian provinces carrying approximately five million students in 21,000 schools daily.Now Hiring Monitor/AideAt First Student, our Monitors/Aides are a constant reflection of our company\u2019s commitment to safety and customer service. The Monitor/Aide is responsible for providing operational oversight, day-to-day management, and assists drivers in safe operation of routes.At First Student, we are proud to offer:Tremendous Career Advancement Opportunities due to a strong presence across North AmericaPositive and rewarding work environmentMonitor/Aide Responsibilities:Knows the route and remains alert to monitor the welfare of passengers while in routeCommunicates behavior problems and conditions of various stops with the driverAssists in pre-trip and post-trip inspections of the busAssists students in the loading and unloading processCooperates and communicates with school personnel, students, and parentsAttends all safety and training meetingsConducts emergency evacuation from the bus, including use of exiting by emergency doorOpens and closes service doors and moves up and down steps multiple times dailyCleans the inside of the busAssists driver when necessary to safely direct the vehicle backwardsMonitor/Aide Required Experience and Skills:Good verbal communication skillsAttention to detailEarly morning availabilityJudgement/problem solving skillsAbility to manage high degrees of stressFirst Student\u2019s commitment to putting our customers first, dedication to safety, and an ambition to deliver dependable transportation makes for a working environment you\u2019ll love. As a huge company with 120,000 staff and over 2.5 billion customers worldwide, you\u2019ll also enjoy security, a brilliant future, and excellent training.Apply today to join our team!All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. First is also committed to providing a drug-free workplace. First will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, and any other fair chance law. Philadelphia\u2019s Fair Criminal Record Screening Standards Ordinance Poster is at this link or upon request https://www.phila.gov/media/20210423160847/Fair-Chance-Hiring-law-poster.pdf ."}, "OSP Designer": {"cluster": 0, "description": "Description:Duties & Responsibilities Develop understanding and comply with all FTTP and project documentation standards (i.e. land base maps, assessor maps, Verizon OSP records, etc.) Work closely with all departments to ensure project timelines are met and final product conveys the correct information. Maintain proficiency and knowledge of technical developments related to Verizon IDDS/ICGS drafting system. Planning (establishment of feeder routes, FDA cabinet locations, distribution routes & boundaries.) Design Engineering (feeder and distribution layouts to be redlined on base maps showing all requirements associated with OSP distribution). CAD - ICGS Construction work print generation from IDDS/ICGS system. Perform Self-check, Quality Control of own work for completeness, accuracy, meeting client standards, of key features, and overall presentation quality appearance. Understanding future trends in telecommunication technology. Creates and executes project work plans and revises plans to meet emerging issues or evolving requirements.Skills:autocad, arcgis, Drafting, Telecom, Telecommunication, Engineering, Design, Osp, Construction management, telecommunications systems, telecom installation, telecommunications management, IDDS, osp distribution, telecommunication technician, Intelligent Computer Graphics System, Fiber optic mapping, FTTP, F1 & F2 CableTop Skills Details:autocad,arcgis,Drafting,Telecom,Telecommunication,Engineering,Design,Osp,Construction management,telecommunications systems,telecom installation,telecommunications management,IDDS,osp distribution,telecommunication technician,Intelligent Computer GraphicAdditional Skills & Qualifications: Must have experience in telecommunications network design. Ability to access, impute and retrieve information from network computer station. Must be able to self-check own work to ensure accuracy and completeness. Able to work closely with engineers and other personnel to direct project completion, obtain information or ensure drawing clarity. Able to work with minimal supervision, be a self-starter, and be detail oriented. Able to prioritize under pressure and be well-organized. Able to contribute in project reviews and improve job efficiencies. Proficiency in variety of Cad applications and Microsoft Office applications. Advanced knowledge of engineering standards, practices, methods, and techniques; basic cartography; and general civil engineering principles. Applied knowledge of in-depth assessment of the networked application needs, network modeling, and engineering high-speed technology network transports to deliver client specific technical solutions. Demonstrate intermediate reasoning ability to apply common sense and understanding to carry out instructions furnished in oral, written, or diagram form.About ActalentActalent is a global leader in engineering and sciences services and talent solutions. We help visionary companies advance their engineering and science initiatives through access to specialized experts who drive scale, innovation and speed to market. With a network of almost 30,000 consultants and more than 4,500 clients across the U.S., Canada, Asia and Europe, Actalent serves many of the Fortune 500.Diversity, Equity & InclusionAt Actalent, diversity and inclusion are a bridge towards the equity and success of our people. DE&I are embedded into our culture through:Hiring diverse talentMaintaining an inclusive environment through persistent self-reflectionBuilding a culture of care, engagement, and recognition with clear outcomesEnsuring growth opportunities for our peopleThe company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please email actalentaccommodation@actalentservices.com for other accommodation options."}, "Painter": {"cluster": 30, "description": "Job DescriptionCicero Construction Group is a general contractor with over 50 years in the industry, based in Plainfield, IL. We are currently seeking to hire skilled painters with interior commercial renovation experience for projects located within the Chicagoland area. We offer a competitive wage of between $28 - $34 per hour based on skill level. We also offer group health, dental and vision and a 401k plan as well as profit sharing.Company DescriptionCicero Construction Group is a general contractor with over 50 years in the industry.Cicero Construction Group is a general contractor with over 50 years in the industry."}, "Paralegal": {"cluster": 14, "description": "We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior Paralegal to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in nonprofit or business law, corporate governance, intellectual property, and other related areas, with a passion for supporting purpose-driven organizations. This position requires someone who is not only adept at managing their workload but also assisting and leading other paralegals in our team, ensuring the efficient and effective delivery of legal services to our clients. Additionally, the successful candidate will need to be tech-savvy, comfortable with embracing new technologies, and capable of leveraging digital tools to enhance legal processes and client service.Compensation: $65,000 - $80,000 yearly"}, "Peds RN": {"cluster": 109, "description": "Facility DetailsFacility: Please Contact for facility infoFacility Type: Short Term Acute Care HospitalNumber Of Beds: 221Trauma Center: Level IIPediatric Trauma Center: NoCharting System: Epic, Epic Systems Corporation - Epic Systems Corporation-IdentityJob DetailsStarts: 04/29/2024Assignment Length: 13Shift: NightCall Off Policy: Hours GuaranteedJob Quantity: 2Type: TravelJob DescriptionInterested in making a positive impact? You\u2019ve come to the right place. At Fusion Medical Staffing, our goal is to improve the lives of everyone we touch, and we\u2019re always looking for people like you to join our mission.And making a difference isn\u2019t the only perk of traveling with us. Start your medical travel career with Fusion Medical Staffing and gain access to competitive pay packages, comprehensive benefits, corporate discounts and perks, a clinical team to support you along your journey, and a recruiter determined to help you succeed. We\u2019ve got your back so you can focus on what you do best: helping others._______________________________________________________Registered Nurse - PediatricPosition: Registered NurseSpecialty: Pediatric13 week Pediatric Registered Nurse travel assignmentClient in Joplin, MO is looking for a Pediatric Registered Nurse to help them out for 13 weeks.At Fusion Medical, we truly believe that as people taking care of people, together we can do anything.Benefits IncludePaid Time Off (PTO) after 1560 hoursHighly competitive payBest in the industry Medical, Dental, and VisionShort term disability401(k)Aggressive Refer-a-friend Bonus ProgramYour recruiter is available 24-7Reimbursement for licensure and CEU\u2019s Qualifications/Requirements:One to three years experience as a Registered Nurse preferredOther certifications may be required for this positionCritical thinking, service excellence and good interpersonal communication skills, ability to read/comprehend written instructions, ability to follow verbal instructions, PC skillsPhysical Abilities: Remain in a stationary position, move about, move equipment (50-100lbs), pushing, pulling, bending. The following is a summary of the major job duties of this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time. Communicates and collaborates with physicians and other health team members. Provides and coordinates patient care with other health team members. Monitors patients' responses to interventions and reports outcomes. Administers medications as ordered with appropriate documentation. Monitor and evaluates patients before, during, and post procedure depending on unit. Shares on-call responsibilities with a 30-minute response time if required. Maintains cleanliness of rooms and adequate stock of supplies. Transports patients as needed. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Essential SkillsInterpersonal Skills - to work effectively with a variety of personnel (professional and ancillary) to present a positive attitude and a professional appearance. Technical/Motor Skills - Ability to grasp, fine manipulation, pushing/pulling and able to move about when assisting with procedures and/or using department equipment. Mental Requirements - Must be able to cope with frequent contact with the general public, customers, and meeting deadlines under pressure. Must be able to work under close supervision occasionally as well as working without assistance from other personnel. Must be able to contend with irregular activity schedules occasionally and continuous concentration to detail. Sensory - Visual acuity, ability to effectively communicate **Fusion is an EOE/E-Verify Employer**"}, "Permanent RN - Home Health": {"cluster": 88, "description": "Advocate Aurora Health is seeking a Registered Nurse (RN) Home Health for a nursing job in Des Plaines, Illinois.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: Home HealthDiscipline: RNDuration: Ongoing40 hours per weekShift: daysEmployment Type: StaffREGISTERED NURSE - HOME HEALTH CASE MANAGERLOCATION: NORTH CITYHOURS: DAYS; Must work one summer and one winter holiday . Must work every third weekend. Must rotate on call schedule during the week and weekend.This position is eligible for up to a $10,000.00 sign on bonus! You must be working in this same position at time of payout. Current internal team members are not eligible at this timeJOB And UNIT SUMMARYThe Home Health division of Advocate Health Care is the largest home health and hospice services in Illinois and the RN will provide home care services to the homebound population and establish strong relationships with patients and caregivers in order to assist the patient in reaching their maximum potential. Advocate Home Health Services helps patients return home to continue the care that began in the hospital. Our team helps patients and caregivers become independent when managing their condition. The delivery of high level nursing care is critical to allowing the patient to remain at home and to preventing rehospitalization. All medical needs will be coordinated by the RN who is case managing the patient and utilizing the resources of the team, (i.e. social worker, CNA, MD, etc.)Document and connect with the care team thru point of care documentation.Required to make visits to private residences which may not be accessible to people with disabilities.The Advocate Home Health NurseAssumes primary responsibility for the assessment, planning, implementation, and evaluation of nursing care for assigned patients in the comfort of their own homes. Set goals which demonstrate a holistic approach to patients and families.Assumes leadership responsibilities at the unit level.Demonstrates a mastery of clinical skills.Nurse/Patient Relationship: Develops and maintains a therapeutic relationship throughout the healthcare continuum.Assuring/Improving Quality Care: Facilitates the patient and family\u2019s right to receive quality, cost effective care.Patient/Staff Education: Demonstrates a commitment to meeting the learning needs of patients and families. Utilizes appropriate resources to meet those needs and achieve positive patient outcomes. Assists in creating an environment that promotes educational growth opportunities for nursing peers and colleagues.Nursing Process: Demonstrates the use of nursing process as a problem-solving model.Leadership/Collaboration/Professional Development: Demonstrates respect and understanding for peers and other clinical disciplines and participates as an effective member of the patient care team to formulate an integrated approach to care. Demonstrates leadership behaviors and is committed to the development of self and others.Required QualificationsGraduate from an accredited school of nursingOne year of medical surgical experience in an acute or subacute care facilityCurrent Illinois RN licenseCurrent CPREarn 10.0 continuing education credits annuallyAbility to lift up to 35 pounds without assistance. For patient lifts of over 35 pounds, or when patient is unable to assist with the lift, patient handling equipment is expected to be used, with at least one other associate, when available. Unique patient lifting/movement situations will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Ability to assist with ambulation including turning and transferring patients up to 200 pounds.COMPENSATION: $74,672.00-$112,112.00 annual base salary.This position is incentive eligibleWe want our teammates and their families to Live Well. Actual compensation offered in the Pay Range will be based on factors such as qualifications, skills, relevant experience and/or training and internal equity. To accompany base pay, we offer a comprehensive benefits package includingSign on Bonus eligible (external candidates)Competitive PayIncentive Pay EligibleReferral Bonus ProgramsStudent Loan SupportTuition Assistance AvailableMileage reimbursementAdvocate Aurora Health Job ID #R100175. Posted job title: Registered Nurse - Home Health-North CityAbout Advocate Aurora HealthAdvocate Aurora Health\u2019s 22,000 nurses demonstrate our values of excellence, compassion and respect, collaborating to advance our stated purpose of helping people live well. To encourage you to be the best nurse you can, Advocate Aurora will provide support, tools and resources for orientation, education and professional development, in the care setting that is best for you. Your voice as a team member will be heard clearly whether you\u2019re at one of our 10 Magnet\u00ae designated hospitals or more than 500 sites of care.Join our team and be inspired to chart a course for Advocate Aurora to become the best place in the nation for nurses to pursue their passion.BenefitsHoliday PayGuaranteed HoursContinuing Education401k retirement planPet insuranceWellness and fitness programsMileage reimbursementEmployee assistance programsMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefitsLife insuranceDiscount programSign-On bonus"}, "Permanent RN - Oncology": {"cluster": 108, "description": "Advocate Aurora Health is seeking a Registered Nurse (RN) Oncology for a nursing job in West Allis, Wisconsin.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: OncologyDiscipline: RNDuration: Ongoing36 hours per weekShift: nightsEmployment Type: StaffResponsible for providing and coordinating comprehensive patient care through the nursing process to deliver safe, therapeutic care in accordance with established standards, policies and procedures. Using evidence-based practice, clinical decision making, compassion and skilled communication, leads efforts to create the safest patient environment and the best patient experience across the continuum.#AuroraGMKERNAdvocate Aurora Health Job ID #R74790. Posted job title: Registered Nurse, Med/Oncology, West AllisAbout Advocate Aurora HealthAdvocate Aurora Health\u2019s 22,000 nurses demonstrate our values of excellence, compassion and respect, collaborating to advance our stated purpose of helping people live well. To encourage you to be the best nurse you can, Advocate Aurora will provide support, tools and resources for orientation, education and professional development, in the care setting that is best for you. Your voice as a team member will be heard clearly whether you\u2019re at one of our 10 Magnet\u00ae designated hospitals or more than 500 sites of care.Join our team and be inspired to chart a course for Advocate Aurora to become the best place in the nation for nurses to pursue their passion.BenefitsHoliday PayGuaranteed HoursContinuing Education401k retirement planPet insuranceWellness and fitness programsMileage reimbursementEmployee assistance programsMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefitsLife insuranceDiscount program"}, "Pharmacy Technician III": {"cluster": 70, "description": "All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:Program Benefits from Day OnePaid Days Off from Day OneStudent Loan Repayment ProgramCareer DevelopmentOur Promise To YouJoining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. It\u2019s about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.Schedule: Full TimeShift: Variable ShiftsLocation:  3100 East Fletcher Avenue Tampa, Florida 33613The community you\u2019ll be caring for: AdventHealth TampaAdventHealth Pepin Heart Institute, known across the country for its advances in cardiovascular disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment and research.Surgical Pioneers - the first in Tampa with the latest robotics in spine surgeryBuilding a brand new, six story surgical and patient care tower which will ensure state of the art medical and surgical car for generations to comeAwarded the Get With The Guidelines - Stroke GOLD Quality Achievement Award from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association and have been recognized as a recipient of their Target: Stroke Honor Roll for our expertise in stroke care. We have also received certification by The Joint Commission in collaboration with the American Stroke Association as a Primary Stroke Center.The Value You\u2019ll Bring To The Team Standard work parameters Operational programs Delivery and compounding systems Hospital computer systems Medication ordering systemsQualificationsThe expertise and experiences you\u2019ll need to succeed: High School Grad or Equivalent Registered Pharmacy TechnicianThis facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances. The salary range reflects the anticipated base pay range for this position. Individual compensation is determined based on skills, experience and other relevant factors within this pay range. The minimums and maximums for each position may vary based on geographical location."}, "Plant Manager": {"cluster": 16, "description": "If you're looking for dry ice, you'll find it with Airgas. As the largest supplier of dry ice, Airgas has established a series of production plants across the nation to develop a secure source supply. Distribution Branches are located in strategic locations throughout the country to provide service to key industries including universities and labs. Quality, reliability, and service are the key drivers that enable Airgas to grow with organizations who depend on dry ice and cold shipping supplies.JOB PURPOSE: The Plant Manager will be responsible for all manufacturing, safety, training, personnel, maintenance and other activities as required to insure high quality of product and customer satisfaction.DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:Managing all plant operations to insure budgetary goals are met or exceeded. Ensure Airgas Dry Ice products meet or exceed our Quality Control standards, using specified SOP testing methods. Responsible for maintaining a safe and clean working environment; Comply with Federal, State and Corporate safety and environmental regulations. Responsible for the maintenance of the facility to include the understanding of and ability to explain basic mechanical theory to direct reports, coordinating vendors, projecting and establishing preventative maintenance programs and schedules, while directing the maintenance staff to insure that all equipment is properly maintained and operational. Effectively manage daily operations in a changing, fast-paced environment with a work force ranging in skill level from temporary workers to highly skilled technicians.Responsible for implementing new and best processes of production. Responsible for process improvement and problem solving to maintain efficient costs and improve quality. Manage any special projects / improvements as directed. Work with other Plant and Branch Managers to ensure accurate and timely delivery of production requirements.Interface with regional sales, management, and customers to ensure high customer satisfaction. Recruit, hire, train, and discipline employees according to corporate guidelines and policies. Ensure timely and accurate data entry related to product sales, purchasing, and receiving of raw materials and supplies. Fulfill all record keeping requirements related to the day-to-day operations in a timely manner to include: shift scheduling, performance evaluations, safety training documentation, disciplinary actions, associate development, and specific job related training. Perform other duties as assigned by upper management.Qualifications, Experience, and AbilitiesA Bachelor's degree in a related field of work is preferred. Equivalent accumulated work experience and/or military experience is eligible for consideration. An Associate's degree or High School diploma with formal technical training in conjunction with extensive relevant experience will also be eligible for consideration.Minimum of 10 years\u2019 experience in a supervisory role of more than 15 production personnel in an industrial environment.Process reliability and/or project engineering background is preferred.Ability to lead, communicate and operate alongside a workforce ranging in skill level from temporary talent, front line employees, various levels of management and senior leadership.Experience driving a best in class safe manufacturing environment, through the creation and implementation of effective plant safety programs is necessary.The candidate must be a self-motivated team player who can communicate with, and relate to, people at all levels within the organization and who has a proven track record for success while operating a Just-In-Time manufacturing operation.Must exhibit a high level of enthusiasm, with a \u201chands-on style\u201d and a strong work ethic with the capability to adapt to the rapidly changing environment of this fast paced, service oriented company.A firm belief in providing exceptional customer service, with a strong commitment to company values, and building a healthy organization through talent management and people development is an essential quality to be able to successfully fill this role. Flexibility to maintain a Facility operating on a 24/7 schedule.Must be able to work a flexible schedule to meet production requirements and customer expectations; available for on-call as needed.Must be able to stand on hard surfaces for prolonged periods of timeMust be able to safely handle bundles of dry ice of up to 60 lbs.Work Environment60% of the time in an office/administrative setting.40% of the time actively in the plant to be available, engaged and supervising the production team.Plant environment is an unconditioned work space (i.e. warm in summer, cool in winter). Hazards require the use of personal protective equipment (i.e. hard hat, safety glasses, hearing protection, and safety shoes). Dry ice is extremely cold, and therefore requires that gloves be worn when directly handling dry ice. Looking for a great company to work for? You\u2019ll Find It With Us! Airgas LLC offers a competitive compensation and excellent benefits package, which includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription Drug, Life & Disability Insurance, 401(k, Tuition Reimbursement and more."}, "Project Coordinator": {"cluster": 3, "description": "This New Jersey-based contractor with over 30 years of experience in providing remedial and environmental construction services to Fortune 500 corporations, national engineering firms, and major utility companies.Job Description:  Oversees and manages project documentation and coordinates documentation revisions and distributions.  Prepares standard project status reports for project delivery team or work group, client and management.  Reports typically include: status update, budget, schedule and risk.  Coordinates and schedules meeting and communication plan(s) regarding projects among team and/or client.  Coordinates and obtains vendor quotations for processing.  Assists with project administration deliverables (i.e. meeting minutes; budget tracking; schedule updates; move management; closeout) Qualifications: Ability to organize project documentations for multiple projects Ability to run reports and basic math formulas in Excel 1+ years of experience RFI, change order, and submittalsThis position offers competitive pay, full encompassing benefits, and opportunity for growth. About ActalentActalent is a global leader in engineering and sciences services and talent solutions. We help visionary companies advance their engineering and science initiatives through access to specialized experts who drive scale, innovation and speed to market. With a network of almost 30,000 consultants and more than 4,500 clients across the U.S., Canada, Asia and Europe, Actalent serves many of the Fortune 500.Diversity, Equity & InclusionAt Actalent, diversity and inclusion are a bridge towards the equity and success of our people. DE&I are embedded into our culture through:Hiring diverse talentMaintaining an inclusive environment through persistent self-reflectionBuilding a culture of care, engagement, and recognition with clear outcomesEnsuring growth opportunities for our peopleThe company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please email actalentaccommodation@actalentservices.com for other accommodation options."}, "Quality Engineer": {"cluster": 27, "description": "Quality Engineer (Controls)Hybrid in Orlando, FL143-178kThis position is responsible for controls engineering project requirements involving control system design, DCS/PLC programming, control panel design, instrumentation, check-out support, and start-up assistance.RESPONSIBILITIES:Must be organized, technically competent, have effective oral and written communications, and experience in working in a multi-disciplined environment and interfacing with engineers, designers, and draftersDesigns, develops, and implements DCS/PLC control system (logic software and hardware) to meet process requirements. As well as complying with any local or government agency design/implementation codesKnowledge of control panel and system design standards and code practices for any local or government agenciesDevelops documents detailing control configuration and design. Documents include Theory/Description of operation, Detailed control system design description, system implementation/acceptance test plansAble to interface with facility design to optimize panel location minimizing voltage drop and optimizing panel maintenanceAble to perform the following system design calculations/analysis: Short circuit protection, harmonics, noise reduction/cancellation, power consumption, load flow, short circuit protection, protective relay/circuit design, ground fault monitoring, safety system implementation (SIL rating)Knowledge of analyzing system design for Hazard analysis development and mitigationAbility to implement control system redundancy to minimize single points of failureDevelops schematics of control system configuration, wiring, network layout, and equipment panel layouts on AutoCADWill assist with the initial start-up and debugging of integrated systems and the development of system documentationIndividual will be working on automation and control system integration projects for clients in industries such as entertainment and manufacturingWill act as technical lead on projects and guide lower-level engineers, technicians, and contractorsWill act as Project Manager on smaller projects ranging from $50k to $250k. This includes but is not limited to:Develops and executes implementation plans for the projectAssigns work to meet overall project deadlinesEnsures that all project team members clearly understand the scope of W-M responsibilitiesDevelops schedules for W-M and customer requirementsEvaluates progress on project(s) and details changesResponsible for all purchasing and subcontractor requirementsResponsible for the development of costs and proposal of change orders to contract scopeRequirements Education \u2013 Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Electrical Engineering. (Directly related experience may be substituted for degree)5+ years in the following areas is preferred: Ethernet-based control systems, safety systems, instrumentation, components, logic programming, and DCS programming (i.e., DeltaV, Experion, 800xA.)Experience with instrumentation and controls/PLC system design (i.e., Allen Bradley, Modicon, Siemens) requiredExperience with AutoCAD is also desired Key Competencies \u2013 Knowledge of contract documents and specifications. Ability to collect field data and accurately record findings. Ability to perform system design functions. Planning, Customer Focused, Timely Decision Making, Informing, Organizing, Priority Setting, Problem Solving Skills \u2013 All employees are required to be proficient in the use of Microsoft Windows and Office environments TRAVEL: Ability to travel up to 35%BenefitsESOP, 3% 401k match, profit-sharingMedical, dental, vision3 wks PTOMore"}, "Regional Account Manager": {"cluster": 11, "description": "Selling a must-have:Imagine life without the Internet. Your communications are paralyzed. Your business is crippled. Internet is a must-have for every company, for every person. At Cogent, you\u2019re armed with selling a \u201cmust-have\u201d connection to the Internet instead of a \u201cnice-to-have\u201d new software suite or billing platform. You\u2019re selling a service to a business that can not function without it.Established and reputable:Cogent is a Global Internet Service Provider, consistently ranked as one of the top five networks in the world. Backed by Cisco Systems, we provide Internet service in over 216 markets globally. We were once a startup funded by venture capital. And while we have matured into a stable, publicly traded ( NASDAQ: CCOI) company, we\u2019ve retained our startup mentality\u2014transparency in operations, open dialogue among departments, and fresh perspective from our newest employees. We omit titles from our business cards to deemphasize organizational hierarchy and bureaucracy.The Sales Organization:Cogent Sales is a group of 600 enthusiastic, fearless professionals who persevere through successes and failures, while continually learning and growing. We are new grads entering the workforce; young professionals starting our careers and experienced professionals. We all share a professional passion for professional development and achievement.Onboarding and Training:Four-week immersion program that provides Orientation, Product and Network Training, hands-on Systems Workshop, and a Sales Fundamentals Workshop upon joining Cogent. Self-paced online monthly training teaching you about the industry, our products, and services, resources available to you, and sales fundamentals.Resource mentorship with a sales coach and technical resource assigned to you on your first day in your seat to work with you as you learn about Cogent and its differentiators.Weekly 1:1 coaching and training from your Sales Management team.Quarterly roundtables and training.Internal product certifications are available.Upon transitioning to new sales roles, position-specific training is available.Responsibilities for a Regional Account Manager:Identify new business opportunities within a prescribed Regional Sales Territory via sourcing and prospecting efforts through a high volume of direct calling and emailing efforts.Strategize with your Sales Management team on how to sell into your region\u2019s largest commercial and retail buildings, office parks, and professional campuses.Compliment prospecting and selling efforts with fieldwork such as building walks, lobby events, property management relationships, and customer face-to-face meetings.Learn how to understand a customer\u2019s need and then educate them on the connectivity solutions that Cogent can provide to them via consultative and relationship-building selling techniques.Consistently update your efforts in our Customer Relationship Management system.Achieve targeted monthly revenue goals.Qualifications:0-2+ years of solid, sales experience.Strong oral and written communication skills are a must.Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment with revenue deadlines.Working knowledge of computer applications such as Microsoft Office and software applications.Work Environment:To best support your success, this is an in-office position five days a week, allowing for focused mentorship, training and personal coaching.COVID-19 Policy:Cogent has adopted a mandatory vaccination and booster policy that requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated ( including booster shots when eligible) against COVID-19. Before beginning employment, new employees must provide proof of vaccination or apply for and receive an accommodation to be exempt from the policy. By applying or submitting my resume for this position, I understand that is an in-office position and agree to abide Cogent\u2019s mandatory vaccination policy.\u201cCogent\u2019s competitive advantage lies in our people...their spirit, their energy and their commitment.\u201d -Dave Schaeffer, Founder & CEOCogent Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer."}, "SQA Testing": {"cluster": 52, "description": "Title: SQA TestingLocation: Charlotte , NC (Onsite)Type: Full TimeJob DescriptionTooling to use for multiple aspects of the testing scope, given the platform and technologies at handTest suite composition and testing scope coverageTest data management and how to prevent false positives due to missing data across environmentsMocking where applicable to enable system independent functional testing, while also keeping the end-to-end picture in mindShifting left the testing, discovering issues as close to the development as possibleTest automation with fully automated reporting and success criteriaKeep track of quality standards (KPIs / SLAs) & measureTest life cycle management and how to keep tests up-to-date, but also relevant (e.g. clean-up what is no longer used, or otherwise covered)Drive Continuous Improvements across projectsWell-organized and a go-getter with excellent written and oral communication skillsQuick learner with a problem solving mindsetHands-on working knowledge of Jira/JTMF, Share Point /ConfluenceSkilled at using SQL queries, Data Analysis and InterpretationIs adept at using Excel, Word and Power-pointAbility to create pivot views and macros in excel is a big plus but can also quickly learn on the jobGood understanding of SDLC and STLC Processes.Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company."}, "START IMMEDIATELY / Product Demonstrator / Inside Costco (Carlsbad)": {"cluster": 89, "description": "To be considered for this position, please submit your resume AND take a few minutes to complete the assessment test via the link below.Zipfizz Corporation Brand Promoter Earn up to $30 per hour* Steady part-time job with potential of full time pay Amazing product you can be proud to promote PAID training this week Weekly paychecks via direct deposit Advancement opportunities A supportive, compassionate, and dedicated teamClick links below to check us out:REQUIREMENTS:\u2713 Reliable Transportation\u2713 Smartphone\u2713 Outgoing and Fun Personality\u2713 Ability to Stand for an 8 Hour Shift\u2713 Ability to lift up to 40 pounds regularly\u2713 18+ years of ageZIPFIZZ IS A VITAMIN, ENERGY & HYDRATION DRINK COMPANY:Zipfizz is designed to enhance your energy without the sugar crash! Simply add to water, shake, and watch it fizz up for a refreshing charge you can feel and benefits you can\u2019t beat. Think 4 to 6 hours of clear, focused energy.And what about stress, memory, and attitude? Zipfizz has that covered too, thanks to B12.On top of that, Zipfizz has zero sugar and is loaded with 24 nutritional ingredients, antioxidants, electrolytes, and vitamins \u2014 all added to improve your wellbeing.TO APPLY:Reply to this posting with your resume. You MUST also complete the quick 10 min or less assessment test to be considered.PAY SCALE: Earn up to $30 per hour*$15 or Minimum Wage per hour (whichever is higher) plus piece-rate commission on 1 to 69 boxes sold.Piece-Rate Commission per box sold:Boxes 1 to 29 $1.00Boxes 30-39 $1.25Boxes 40-49 $1.50Boxes 50-69 $1.75$27.00 per hour if 70-79 boxes sold$28.00 per hour if 80-89 boxes sold$29.00 per hour if 90-99 boxes sold$30.00 per hour 100 or more boxes soldNo Commission on Training DaysNo Commission if working less than 4 hour shiftBENEFITS:401k with Safe Harbor Match available to employees meeting eligibility requirements.Powered by JazzHRh3rNZaBs9e"}, "Safety Technician": {"cluster": 69, "description": "Job DescriptionGENERAL POSITION SUMMARY: Performs safety and health activities in/on industrial plants, platforms, docks, environmental sites or at any works site that may be accompanied by GIS Personnel to evaluate and control safety & environmental hazards by performing the following duties. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following (Other duties may be assigned): Trains employees on safety and health requirements to ensure compliance with regulations Makes weekly site visits to locations where GIS operates (offshore & onshore) Demonstrates visible leadership & commitment by conducting on-site safety meetings Interfaces with onsite leadership Performs WP/SEA Audits & L.I.F.E. Site Surveys at each location visited Participates in & verifies vessel isolation before beginning any entry & or Hot Work Performs Quality & Environmental Audits on an as needed basis Conducts behavioral based observations Performs drug & alcohol screens on employees as needed Leads Root Cause Analysis Investigation (RCA) when necessary Conducts Quarterly Initiative training with crews Oversees field activities and monitors for health and safety violations Leads accident investigations and prepares accident reportsMINIMUM EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: High School Diploma or equivalent preferred 6 months to 2 years related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experienceCompany DescriptionGIS has been putting people first since 1948. GIS is a multi-divisional company with many independent and cooperating divisions such as mechanical, electrical, engineering, fabrication, on shore and off shore. GIS is an EOE employer.GIS has been putting people first since 1948. GIS is a multi-divisional company with many independent and cooperating divisions such as mechanical, electrical, engineering, fabrication, on shore and off shore. GIS is an EOE employer."}, "Sales Rep - Remote, Great Mentoring, No cold calls": {"cluster": 63, "description": "Join Our Trailblazing Team and Catapult Your Sales Career!Are you ready to be a part of a dynamic organization that\u2019s been rocketing up the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing companies for six consecutive years? Our company, recently spotlighted in a Forbes feature, is in the midst of an unprecedented expansion. We're searching for enthusiastic, driven individuals to help us manage our ever-increasing client demands.This is not just a job; it\u2019s a chance to rapidly advance in your career. We pride ourselves on nurturing talent, which means we\u2019re looking for quick learners who can embrace our proven sales process. Our first-year representatives, harnessing our straightforward strategy, typically earn over $150,000. By your second or third year, you could be earning $250,000 to $300,000 annually!Imagine earning a six-figure income from anywhere in the world, all while being part of a vibrant, supportive team. Your background, education, and resume aren't our primary concerns. Instead, we want to know:Can you connect effectively with people? Our direct customer calls span nationally without territorial limits.Are you a team player? We thrive on collaboration and mutual support.Are you committed to personal and leadership growth?If you\u2019ve answered YES to these questions, we can\u2019t wait to meet you! Apply now to secure your spot for an interview.As a valued team member, you\u2019ll enjoy comprehensive benefits, including life insurance and access to our company healthcare exchange (medical, dental, vision). Plus, you could earn up to a $15,000 training bonus (performance-based) and enjoy all-expense-paid company incentive trips. Don\u2019t miss this opportunity to elevate your career with us!Notice: We can't hire international candidates as of now.DISCLAIMER: This position is a 1099 independent contractor commission-based sales position.Powered by JazzHRbplKzcIF1M"}, "Scheduler/Remote": {"cluster": 77, "description": "This position offers the convenience of remote work, allowing you to work from your home or any location with an internet connection.We are actively looking for a qualified Remote Scheduler to join our growing team.Taking on the role of a Full-Time Remote Scheduler presents a distinctive opportunity to enhance your skills and advance your career.If you have a strong inclination for collaboration, teamwork, and possess the necessary mindset for this role, we highly encourage you to apply for the Remote Scheduler position without delay.Key Requirements:Exceptional Customer Service SkillsProficiency in Computer and Internet OperationsHandling Customer Inquiries via Email or TelephoneFacilitating Online PaymentsDemonstrating Friendliness and ProfessionalismPosition Type: Full-timeExperience Level:No prior experience requiredWork Environment:Fully remoteGenerous CommissionsPowered by JazzHRnraWEHExzA"}, "School Office Staff": {"cluster": 44, "description": "Free job-searching + PD for educators. Find a school you love!Position DescriptionSchool Office Staff at multiple partner school sites (school-specific role descriptions available upon profile approval).Role Types Available:Front Office ManagementOffice AssistantSchool Executive AssistantHow To ApplyCreate a single profile at  with any of our hiring schools that meet your preferences. Only one application is needed to be considered by all relevant schools\u2014our schools will then reach out to you with their matching vacancies and directions.About Schools + Support on Selected Create a complimentary account to learn about and connect with our schools that match your search preferences. Access our library of educator resources to help you thrive in your position.We accept applications on a rolling basis and encourage candidates to apply as soon as possible to avoid missing opportunities at the best-fit hiring schools.Why ApplyCandidates accepted onto our free platform will be:Marketed to hiring schools matching your position-search preferences (names, resumes, and contact information shared only with schools you actively choose to connect with)Fast-tracked as pre-screened, priority candidates with a recommendation to hiring managers as a pre-screened, Selected-approved candidateApproved to access our full library of educator resources (blog, course modules, webinars, and more) on everything from acing the teacher interview to classroom managementProvided with 1:1 candidate search support to turn to for interview prep and professional development opportunitiesGiven the option to job-search in private-modeQualifications + EligibilityFor our team to review and approve your profile application, you must:Be currently located AND authorized to work in the USCurrently reside in (or willing to relocate to) one of our school regionsJob TypeFull-time (May also have Part-Time and Contract positions available)Salary RangeCompetitive; varies by role type and schoolPowered by JazzHRmpLyNAExgw"}, "School Operations Staff (Hiring Multiple Role Types)": {"cluster": 38, "description": "Free job-searching + PD for educators. Find a school you love!Position DescriptionSchool Operations/Data/Finance Management Roles  at multiple partner school sites (school-specific role descriptions available upon profile approval).Role Types Available:Operations and/or Finance ManagementSchool Data ManagementHow To ApplyCreate a single profile at  with any of our hiring schools that meet your preferences. Only one application is needed to be considered by all relevant schools\u2014our schools will then reach out to you with their matching vacancies and directions.About Schools + Support on Selected Create a complimentary account to learn about and connect with our schools that match your search preferences. Access our library of educator resources to help you thrive in your position.We accept applications on a rolling basis and encourage candidates to apply as soon as possible to avoid missing opportunities at the best-fit hiring schools.Why ApplyCandidates accepted onto our free platform will be:Marketed to hiring schools matching your position-search preferences (names, resumes, and contact information shared only with schools you actively choose to connect with)Fast-tracked as pre-screened, priority candidates with a recommendation to hiring managers as a pre-screened, Selected-approved candidateApproved to access our full library of educator resources (blog, course modules, webinars, and more) on everything from acing the teacher interview to classroom managementProvided with 1:1 candidate search support to turn to for interview prep and professional development opportunitiesGiven the option to job-search in private-modeQualifications + EligibilityFor our team to review and approve your profile application, you must:Be currently located AND authorized to work in the USCurrently reside in (or willing to relocate to) one of our school regionsJob TypeFull-time (May also have Part-Time and Contract positions available)Salary RangeCompetitive; varies by role type and schoolPowered by JazzHRM97iD2186l"}, "School Recruitment & Talent Management Staff": {"cluster": 26, "description": "Free job-searching + PD for educators. Find a school you love!Position DescriptionSchool Recruitment/HR/Talent Management at multiple partner school sites (school-specific role descriptions available upon profile approval).How To ApplyCreate a single profile at  with any of our hiring schools that meet your preferences. Only one application is needed to be considered by all relevant schools\u2014our schools will then reach out to you with their matching vacancies and directions.About Schools + Support on Selected Create a complimentary account to learn about and connect with our schools that match your search preferences. Access our library of educator resources to help you thrive in your position.We accept applications on a rolling basis and encourage candidates to apply as soon as possible to avoid missing opportunities at the best-fit hiring schools.Why ApplyCandidates accepted onto our free platform will be:Marketed to hiring schools matching your position-search preferences (names, resumes, and contact information shared only with schools you actively choose to connect with)Fast-tracked as pre-screened, priority candidates with a recommendation to hiring managers as a pre-screened, Selected-approved candidateApproved to access our full library of educator resources (blog, course modules, webinars, and more) on everything from acing the teacher interview to classroom managementProvided with 1:1 candidate search support to turn to for interview prep and professional development opportunitiesGiven the option to job-search in private-modeQualifications + EligibilityFor our team to review and approve your profile application, you must:Be currently located AND authorized to work in the USCurrently reside in (or willing to relocate to) one of our school regionsJob TypeFull-time (May also have Part-Time and Contract positions available)Salary RangeCompetitive; varies by role type and schoolPowered by JazzHRICzsQYYA3N"}, "Security Operations Manager": {"cluster": 93, "description": "OverviewJoin one of the fastest-growing and largest privately held security companies in the U.S.! Since 1998, Sunstates Security has established a reputation for providing excellent customer service and quality work environments for its team across the country. We're committed to hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and exceptionally qualified workforce.We reinvest in our employees by offering a benefits package that exceeds industry standards, career growth opportunities, extensive internal training, employee incentive programs, team recognition, and more. Employees are provided with the tools and knowledge they need to be successful and hands-on management support.Recent national awards received by Sunstates include Outstanding Contract Security Company in 2022 & 2023 and INC\u2019s America\u2019s Fastest Growing Private Companies list.Sunstates Security\u2019s mission and vision statement are at the heart of everything we do, focusing all efforts on honor, integrity, and trust. If you're searching for a career with challenging and rewarding opportunities, we invite you to explore the possibilities at Sunstates Security. As a proactive security partner for some of the country's leading companies and organizations, we provide careers for talented people to become part of a successful, growing company.Job Skills / RequirementsSunstates Security has an immediate opening for a talented and motivated Operations Manager to manage multiple accounts for Union City, GA, and the surrounding area.The ideal candidate will provide leadership to employees and develop and maintain strong relationships with customers.This position offers a full compensation package of over $70,000 - which includes --  Base salary - paid weekly  Annual performance-based bonus  Additional monthly vehicle allowance  Mileage paid at current IRS rate  Full medical, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage  401k plan with company match  Generous PTO  Tuition assistance The Operations Manager will assist in the administration of the region by: Training, developing, and motivating supervisory staff to effectively oversee all day-to-day operations of the site security personnel. Overseeing the employee onboarding process including new hire interviewing, selection of candidates, training and licensure, and new hire paperwork. Training subordinate supervisors on software systems, procedural guidelines, and company policies and enforcing consistency in policy practice. Coordinating operational functions including payroll and billing, accounts receivable aging, staffing, scheduling, and personnel issues. Carrying out site assist visits and audits in accordance with the Quality Assurance program. Coordinating with Regional Manager and Regional Director to establish branch goals and objectives and communicate these with branch staff. Working with sales and marketing to identify and develop new business opportunities.The Requirements For The Operations Manager Include Bachelor\u2019s degree from a four (4) year college or university and three (3) or more years of related experience and supervision in the security industry. Excellent organizational, leadership, communication, and time management skills. Ability to qualify and be issued a security officer license in all areas under command. Computer literacy in MS Office. Valid driver\u2019s license and good driving record. Ability to travel and regularly visit all site locations for the GA region and surrounding areas.May perform other duties as assigned by Management and in coordination with the Branch Manager. Sun123Education Requirements (Any)Associates DegreeBachelor's Degree from 4 year college/universityAdditional Information / BenefitsOnly candidates who meet our rigorous employment standards and who are excellent matches for open positions are invited to join our security team.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and supporter of our military veterans!Benefits: Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, Paid Vacation, Paid Holidays, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, 401K/403b Plan, Educational Assistance, Performance bonus"}, "Senior Project Manager": {"cluster": 84, "description": "We are seeking a skilled Senior Project Manager to lead consulting engagements with our nonprofit and association clients. This individual will have demonstrated a track record of building strong client relationships as a trusted advisor while also leading a cross-functional team of consultants, developers, and business analysts to execute upon projects and own all aspects of the project execution, performance, budget, and schedule.In this role, you will:Act as the face of F\u00edonta and build meaningful relationships with our clients. You are ultimately accountable for the overall success of the engagement.Be embedded with cross-functional team(s) and facilitate the planning and execution of Salesforce projects by blending agile, scrum, and waterfall methodologies to right-size project management. Ensure developed solutions align with functional requirements.Develop and manage the overall scope of the engagement while also tracking project budgets/financials.Report on your project\u2019s health and progress to internal and external stakeholders. Ensure the right resources are available and engaged in the project at the right time and that project budgets are effectively planned to ensure effective consultant utilization throughout the project lifecycle.Proactively manage project slowdowns, staffing reassignments, and emerging issues to minimize the disruption to the client relationship, project, and consultant utilization.As a member of our project management staff:You have worked on a wide variety of projects: You have collaborated with technical and non-technical team members to complete small projects with a straightforward objective, and large projects with a large number of requirements and a less clear end state.You have a strong understanding of project management tools: You own schedule, scope, and budget for projects that you work on, and manage relationships and resources comfortably as you go about your day. Ideally, you have your PMP, or you could get it with a little time to prepare. You know Salesforce: You might not be an implementation wizard yourself, but you know the basics of Salesforce and can handle administrative tasks like adding fields and pulling reports. You know change management: You've worked with a couple of different change management frameworks, and know what works and what doesn't. You are a strong translator: You often serve as the go-between for the client and the technical staff, and you\u2019re able to translate client needs into technical requirements, and technical questions into language the client can understand.You are adaptable: The idea of working on multiple projects of different sizes within different organizations excites you.You have embraced the nonprofit mission: You know the nonprofit world very well, and you\u2019re able to understand and empathize with client struggles and help identify solutions to their challenges.You are a critical thinker: You don\u2019t need to be told how to get from point A to point B. You are up for the challenge of figuring out how the pieces of a given project fit together.Qualifications:7+ years of consulting project management skills including managing client relationships and communicationsExperience managing projects in the Nonprofit and/or Association markets is desiredAbility to lead multiple teams through the lifecycle of concurrent projects Strong communication and organizational skillsPMP certification preferredF\u00edonta Employees:Take initiative: identify a need or opportunity to benefit the customer or company and take appropriate steps to fill or achieve itOrient towards customers: proactively support F\u00edonta\u2019s clients and would-be clients by considering and advocating for their needsPossess exceptional organizational and time management skills: manage workload across multiple projects, taking priority into considerationSolve problems creatively: think outside of the box and develop innovative solutions to challenging problemsConsistently display honesty and integrity: exhibit an intuitive understanding of the \u201cright thing\u201d and a track record of doing so.F\u00edonta is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Powered by JazzHR1PLha0OZy8"}, "Software Engineer, Compute": {"cluster": 60, "description": "At Tecton , we are on a mission to bring Machine Learning to every customer and product interaction on the planet. We build an enterprise-grade, world-class Feature Platform \u2013 the infrastructure that powers real-time ML applications and systems in production.Tecton\u2019s founders developed the first Feature Store when they created Uber\u2019s Michelangelo ML platform, and we\u2019re now bringing those same capabilities to every organization in the world.Tecton is funded by Sequoia Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, and Kleiner Perkins, along with strategic investments from Snowflake and Databricks. We have a fast-growing team that\u2019s distributed around the world, with offices in San Francisco and New York City. Our team has years of experience building and operating business-critical machine learning systems at leading tech companies like Uber, Google, Meta, Airbnb, Lyft, and Twitter.We are building  Rift  - a new fully managed compute environment that allows data scientists to construct powerful batch and streaming feature pipelines in Python. This differs radically from technologies like Spark, which have a steep learning curve and significant overhead to manage, operate, and debug. Our new environment leverages popular open-source technologies such as Ray, Arrow, and DuckDB.As a staff-level engineer building Tecton\u2019s managed compute, you\u2019ll play a critical role in architecting, designing, and scaling our first-ever managed compute platform that will serve as a compute engine used by every Tecton customer. As part of this team, you will be working in one or more of the following areas to build the next generation of Tecton infrastructure:Distributed compute and resource managementQuery optimization and distributed executionCross-platform integrations with state-of-the-art data platforms such as Snowflake and BigQueryFault-tolerant workloads on a lambda-based architectureData security ResponsibilitiesOwn and lead large technical domains starting from the problem definition and technical requirements along with implementation and maintenanceLead multi-engineer projects of strategic importance to Tecton spanning cross-functional teams including design, product management, and other engineering teamsDrive efforts to improve engineering practices, tooling, and processes along with mentorship for senior engineersDevelop a deep understanding of the fundamental problems our customers face in building ML systemsBe a generalist as needed. We\u2019re a small, but growing engineering team and each engineer needs to be versatileReinforce Tecton\u2019s \u201cFast, but Focused\u201d core valueQualifications And Values7+ years of experience in building product software systems2+ years of technical leadership experience for a group of engineersExperience working in large Python, Java, Kotlin, or Go codebases and running cloud-native production systems using Kubernetes, AWS, and DockerExperience with distributed systems, SQL, and NoSQL databasesBias to action and passion for delivering high-quality solutionsStrong communication and ability to write detailed technical specificationsExcitement about coaching and mentorship of junior engineersBSc, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related fields$216,000 - $258,000 a yearThe estimated US base salary range for this position is $216,000 - $258,000 annually for employees based within California & New York. In addition to base salary, we offer competitive equity & comprehensive benefits such as medical, dental, vision, life, 401(K), flexible paid time off, 10 paid holidays each calendar year, sick time, leave of absence as per the FMLA and other relevant leave laws. Individual compensation packages are based on multiple factors such as location, level, role scope, and complexity, as well as additional job-related factors such as skills, experience, and expertise.Tecton values diversity and is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request any accommodations from the application through to the interview, please contact us at recruitingteam@tecton.ai.This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S."}, "Studio Coordinator - Marina Training": {"cluster": 1, "description": "CAREER OVERVIEW:As the first people clients see when they enter one of our studios, Rumble Studio Coordinators need to be experts in customer service and hospitality. Coordinators should be well-versed in all aspects of our fitness program and business.Coordinators have the opportunity to lead and work significantly in areas of the business that interest them - retail, private training, marketing, social media, events, etc. Rumble is a rapidly growing business, providing Coordinators with an amazing opportunity to learn on the job and grow within the company.QUALITIES:You are passionate. You are passionate about empowering your fellow employees and our clients through the Rumble workout and experience.You are both creative and logical. Your right brain and left brain operate in sync, and you can brainstorm innovative ideas for any challenge.You are a ferocious communicator. You have a strong understanding of email and phone etiquette, and you can articulate your point to even the most difficult of listeners.You can work as a team. You have the ability to make the weakest link strong, you are fearless in your communication, and you have the ability to effectively lead the team to ensure that tasks and goals are completed.You create an empowering environment. You bring something new to the table, and you have exciting and well-rounded ideas to share with the team.You are driven. You desire growth within our team and Rumble family.You are a studio fitness buff. You love the Rumble workout, and you have the ability to perform physical requirements of the position.RESPONSIBILITIES:Provide high level customer service and hospitalityAssist studio management in daily studio tasks and projectsMaintain a positive attitude and take initiativeSupport trainers and ensure that class check-in process runs smoothlyWork as a cohesive team with all staff members (maintenance, trainers, etc.) to ensure efficiencyMaintain product knowledge for all retail in the studio and onlineAssist with the training of new hires for the front desk teamMaintain the distinct Rumble aesthetic, atmosphere, and cultureREQUIREMENTS:Marina Training location is hiring specifically for Coordinators with midday availability of 10AM - 1:30PM.Must have the ability to prioritize and multi-task within a fast-paced environmentMust have a positive, can-do attitudeMust be willing to initiate tasks and perform duties without directionMust have the ability to learn computer interfaces and systems quicklyMust have a friendly and professional phone and email etiquetteMust have the flexibility to work a non-traditional work scheduleBENEFITS & PAY:$16.99 / hourCompetitive PayGrowth PotentialComplimentary Rumble ClassesOpportunity to earn Commission"}, "Substitute Teaching Program Coordinator": {"cluster": 51, "description": "Job DescriptionTitle: Substitute Teaching Program CoordinatorDivision: School-wideReports to: Assistant Principal, Upper School (subject to change)Status: Full-time, Exempt (Year-Round), CalSTRS Retirement Eligible -Supervises: On-Site and Contracted Agency Substitute TeachersSalary Range: $72,000-$82,000 + $12,000 Temporary Cost of Living Allowance andPosition SummaryThe Substitute Teaching Program Coordinator position at Making Waves Academy, reporting to the Assistant Principal, is essential for efficiently managing the school-wide substitute teacher program. Key responsibilities include overseeing programmatic systems and reporting, promptly filling on-site and agency substitute vacancies, and maintaining daily communication with Assistant Principals and the Principal.In addition to these duties, the Substitute Teaching Program Coordinator assumes a key role in the comprehensive onboarding and orientation of on-site and agency substitute teachers, ensuring alignment with MWA's expectations for instructional staff. This involves introducing substitutes to the school's mission, values, instructional methodologies, and classroom policies. The commitment to effective orientation empowers substitutes to seamlessly integrate into the school community, upholding the high standards expected of instructional staff. This multifaceted position is integral to maintaining instructional continuity and fostering excellence in education within the MWA community.Primary ResponsibilitiesLeadership and ComplianceProvide leadership to on-site and agency substitute teachers, embodying the school's mission, vision, and values in aspects such as direction, order, pace, communication, and community engagement.Provide effective supervision, observation, and evaluation with written feedback from substitute team members to ensure optimal performance and adherence to established standards.Facilitate regular meetings with Assistant Principals and school leaders to systematically assess and improve the substitute program, ensuring alignment with instructional expectations and fostering continuous enhancement.Ensure that substitute teachers cover all classes with a 30-day Emergency substitute permit or a California teaching credential as required by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing.Foster collaborative partnerships with substitute teacher agencies to ensure stringent compliance with established criteria, encompassing thorough policy reviews.School-wide Systems and PracticesOversee the substitute management system by maintaining daily updates to the database, regularly sharing comprehensive weekly absence reports with school leaders, managing the issuance of substitute requests for all teachers as needed, promptly responding to messages from teachers and sub-agencies, collaborating closely with Assistant Principals to enforce the substitute request protocol, and identifying individuals capable of planning and grading for substitute requests within the school as needed.Develop and implement a comprehensive onboarding training program for new substitute teachers, encompassing HR onboarding for agency subs and essential elements like first-day welcome, campus orientation, student rapport building, and classroom management. This includes timely collaboration with other departments to ensure agency substitutes have the necessary equipment and information.Establish a structured onboarding/induction training program for long-term substitutes, spanning approximately 6-8 additional sessions beyond the initial orientation, and conduct walkthroughs to assess substitute teachers\u2019 performance with MWA reps during and after training.Implement a robust Observation and Feedback System for agency and on-site substitute teachers, including structured classroom observations, feedback mechanisms, and follow-up processes.Create a practice for task completion accountability, including attendance, grading, lesson planning, and grade input, with weekly reporting to school leadership, ensuring that substitute teachers complete these tasks accurately and timely.Align professional development plans with the school's objectives.CommunicationCultivate productive relationships with contracted agencies and various community members, including parents, students, faculty, staff, board members, visitors, and administrators.Additional Responsibilities And ExpectationsMission AlignmentDemonstrate knowledge of and support Making Waves Academy\u2019s mission, core values, standards, competencies, and code of conduct outlined in the Employee Handbook.Participate in the school community \u2013 attending school competitions, performances, assemblies, and extracurricular activities.OtherCommunicate with Assistant Principals and Deans to ensure that student behavior and academic progress are addressed when a substitute teacher is present.Participate in division-specific morning huddles as needed.Perform additional duties as assigned.Work EnvironmentThis job operates in a professional office and classroom environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as laptop computers, photocopiers, and smartphones.Physical DemandsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to adhere to the following:Frequently walk across the middle and upper school campus or climb stairs.Participate in campus supervision duty each week \u2013 Monday through Friday. The frequency may vary based on each semester\u2019s supervision assignment.Lift files, open filing cabinets, bend or stand on a stool as necessary, and sit for long periods.TravelSome travel is required for MWA-related events, such as workshops or conferences.QualificationsExperienceSupervisory experience showcasing effective supervision, data-informed decision-making, and follow-up.Professional administrative experience demonstrating leadership, attention to detail, and organizational skills.Direct customer service experience with a focus on responsiveness and effective communication.Proficiency in common technological interfaces/platforms, including Microsoft Suite, Google Suite, Zoom, GoToMeeting, etc.SkillsAbility to promptly address issues with substitute teachers for smooth program operation.Develop and implement strategies to keep substitute teachers informed of expectations, policies, and relevant updates.Demonstrate exceptional communication skills in interactions with staff, students, and families, fostering a positive atmosphere.Possess high organizational skills, focusing on goals and details and achieving positive outcomes.Skill in resolving conflicts among substitute teachers, staff, or stakeholders for a positive working environment.Ability to design and deliver effective training programs for substitute teachers, enhancing their skills and integration into the school community.Exhibit a professional orientation, including appearance, communication, organization, and attitude, reinforcing a culture of excellence.Showcase the ability to work collaboratively while independently thriving in fast-paced environments with limited supervision, ensuring seamless coordination.Analytical skills to interpret data related to substitute teacher performance, program effectiveness, and attendance records for continuous improvement.Demonstrate adaptability and alignment with school-related initiatives, showcasing a commitment to evolving leadership roles.Ability to communicate with and build relationships with students and their families in the culturally and linguistically diverse MWA community, promoting inclusivity.Proficient in upholding and reinforcing school policies and procedures when addressing students and families, ensuring a consistent and fair approach.Showcase a deep understanding of technology and literacy learning platforms, enhancing efficiency and effectiveness in the role (Microsoft Office Suite, PowerSchool, Canvas, Blackboard, Google Drive, Calendar).EducationBachelor\u2019s Degree requiredLicenses or Certificates NeededEmployment eligibility will include fingerprints, tuberculosis, and other employment clearancesPreferred but not requiredFive or more years of classroom teaching experienceCurrent or eligibility for a CA teaching credential or substitute teaching permitPassing CBEST scores Spanish language proficiencyReasonable AccommodationConsistent with its obligations under the law, MWA will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.Equal Employment Opportunity Is Our PolicyMaking Waves Academy is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of the School to afford equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to their perceived or identified: race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and hairstyle, including but not limited to braids, locks, and twists); color; gender, (including gender identity, gender expression, and transgender identity, whether or not the employee is transitioning or has transitioned); sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to such); religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices); marital/registered domestic partner status; age (forty (40) and over); national origin or ancestry (including native language spoken and possession of a driver\u2019s license issued to persons unable to prove their presence in the U.S. is authorized by federal law); physical or mental disability (including HIV and AIDS); medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics); taking of a leave of absence pursuant to the Family Medical Leave Act (\u201cFMLA\u201d), Pregnancy Disability Leave (\u201cPDL\u201d) law, Americans with Disabilities Act (\u201cADA\u201d), California Family Rights Act (\u201cCFRA\u201d), the Fair Employment and Housing Act (\u201cFEHA\u201d), or laws related to domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking laws; genetic information; sexual orientation; military and veteran status; or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws.This policy extends to all job applicants and employees and to all aspects of the employment relationship, including the hiring of new employees and the training, transfer, promotion, discipline, termination, compensation and benefits of existing employees. For a full copy of our non-discrimination policy, visit:Powered by JazzHRyt1sdS8YNX"}, "Territory Manager -Medical Device/Capital Equipment": {"cluster": 28, "description": "Job Overview:We are seeking an experienced and results-driven Biomed Sales Representative to join our dynamic team. Our client is a single source provider of medical, surgical, diagnostic imaging, and ultrasound equipment, including sales, service, repair, parts, refurbishing, and installation. Making it easier and more affordable for every hospital, clinic, and medical practice to have the very best equipment, supplies and service. The ideal candidate will be responsible for developing and executing strategic sales plans to achieve or exceed sales targets within an assigned territory. The role requires a strong understanding of medical devices and capital equipment, excellent interpersonal skills, and the ability to build and maintain relationships with healthcare professionals.Responsibilities: Territory Management: Territory: Arizona, Colorado, Utah Expected Travel: 50% Ideally in the field 4+ Days a week Develop and implement a comprehensive territory sales plan to achieve revenue and market share goals. Analyze market trends, customer needs, and competitor activities to identify new business opportunities. Sales and Relationship Building: Cultivate strong relationships with key decision-makers, including physicians, surgeons, nurses, and other healthcare professionals. Conduct product demonstrations and presentations to showcase the benefits of our medical devices. Collaborate with healthcare providers to understand their needs and recommend appropriate solutions. Call Points: Acute Care, Biomed, Radiology, Cath Lab, VP of Imaging, Supply Chain, Contracting, Service Line Coordinators Customer Education: Provide training and education sessions to healthcare professionals on the proper use and benefits of our medical devices. Stay updated on industry trends, clinical studies, and advancements to effectively communicate product value. Sales Forecasting and Reporting: Track and report on sales activities, customer feedback, and market trends within the territory. Utilize CRM tools to maintain accurate and up-to-date customer information. Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with internal teams, including marketing, customer support, and product development, to ensure alignment with customer needs and market trends.Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field.Proven experience in medical device sales, preferably with a focus on Diagnostics/Blood Cultures.Strong knowledge of the healthcare industry, including regulatory requirements and compliance.Excellent communication and presentation skills.Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.Results-driven with a track record of meeting or exceeding sales targets.Willingness to travel within the assigned territory.Benefits & Compensation:Competitive salary and commission structure.$70K base + $70K variable = $140K at planUncapped plan, many reps in the $230-240K range6-month guaranteeComprehensive health and dental benefits.Car allowance and travel reimbursement.Opportunities for professional development and advancement.If you are a motivated and goal-oriented individual with a passion for medical device sales, we invite you to apply and contribute to our commitment to improving healthcare outcomes through innovative solutions.Powered by JazzHRY7cBWQsFzX"}, "Transportation Supervisor, II": {"cluster": 105, "description": "Supports transportation operations of assigned distribution center in the training and coaching of Driver and Delivery Assistant personnel. Responsible for ensuring safe, legal, cost efficient and on-time delivery of freight to member stores.Location Phoenix, AZCompensation Competitive salary with bonus potential. Paid weekly.Responsible for the direction and coordination of assigned team of route drivers to ensure maximum performance relative to product delivery, cost efficient equipment utilization, service, safety and good customer relations.Creates a team-oriented environment by developing and coaching Drivers on safety, driving and customer service skills.Monitors Driver performance weekly through PeopleNet. Counsels Drivers on performance issues and areas for improvement. Supervises assigned Lead Drivers.Works with Dunkin\u2019 Stores and Distribution Center (as a liaison) in problem solving delivery issues.Administers progressive discipline when required.Enforces all company polices, DOT and FMCSA regulations.Assists Operations Scheduler with driver\u2019s weekly schedules, vacations, and time off requests.Orientates and develops new drivers.Assists in compiling, monitoring, managing, and implementing the driver performance metrics and incentive program if applicable.Manage fleet utilization, tracking status of vehicle/equipment, monitoring equipment on Out of Service report and working with Penske/Ryder as needed.Ensures compliance with DOT hours of service.Reacts timely and effectively to breakdowns and accidents.Oversees Hub Locations (as assigned) with possible overnight travel to hub locations assessing routes and Drivers.Assists Router in daily route planning as needed.Works with the Safety Manager on proper safe driving techniques, proper lifting, and training in all required DOT regulations. Accepts and assists with special projects as required.Supervision ExercisedThis position has direct supervisory responsibilities.High School Diploma or equivalent required.CDL Class A License and active DOT Medical Card required.3 to 5 years' experience managing high volume delivery route; preferably food delivery experience.Minimum of 2 years of supervisory experience in a transportation-related role within the quick service restaurant industry.Strong understanding of the Federal Motor Carrier Rules and Regulations. Knowledge of related OSHA standards and regulations.Proficient in Microsoft Office software, including Outlook, Word and Excel. SAP experience preferred.On Board Computer System Experience required. People Net preferredPrior experience with routing software. Appian preferred.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Strong leadership and decision-making capabilities required.Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills required.Willing and able to work flexible / extended work schedules as needed.Physical DemandsAbility to perform work at a desk or sit/stand workstation for extended periods of timeAbility to operate a computer keyboard and to view a computer screen for extended periods of timeAbility to interact with employees and/or customers in Distribution Center or customer locationsAbility to travel to customer locations, other Distribution Centers, Corporate Office, etc. as neededAbility to lift, tug, pull up to fifteen (15) pounds"}, "Travel Agency Manager (Remote)": {"cluster": 20, "description": "Join our team as a Travel Agency Manager and take charge of your own journey in the travel industry. We specialize in creating unforgettable travel experiences, and we're seeking individuals who share our passion for exploration and adventure. No prior experience is necessary because we provide comprehensive training, certification, a flexible schedule (part-time or full-time), travel perks, and a range of benefits. You'll also have access to recently launched software that outperforms major competitors in pricing, as well as a professional website to promote your services. As part of our team, you'll be partnered with an award-winning agency with over seventy years of experience and all the necessary credentials to ensure exceptional service for our clients.Opportunity Highlights: Training, Certification, and Website: As a Travel Agency Manager, you'll receive thorough training and certification to equip you with the skills and knowledge needed to lead a successful travel agency. We'll also provide you with a professional website to showcase your services and attract potential clients. Flexible Schedule: Whether you're seeking a part-time or full-time opportunity, our flexible schedule allows you to work at your own pace and on your own terms. You can customize your schedule to fit your lifestyle and other commitments, giving you the freedom to pursue your passion for travel. Travel Perks: Immerse yourself in the world of travel perks and benefits. As a Travel Agency Manager, you'll gain access to exclusive discounts, insider deals, and firsthand experiences at some of the most exciting destinations around the world. Cutting-Edge Software: Gain access to our recently launched software, which outperforms major competitors in pricing and availability. This tool ensures that your clients receive the best deals on travel packages, flights, accommodations, and more. Partnered with an Award-Winning Agency: Benefit from our partnership with an award-winning agency that has been in business for over seventy years. With all the proper credentials and experience behind us, you can trust that you'll be providing your clients with the highest level of service and expertise.Key Responsibilities:Oversee all aspects of the travel agency, including client relations, sales, marketing, and operations.Manage a team of travel agents, providing guidance, support, and training as needed.Collaborate with clients to understand their travel preferences and create customized travel packages tailored to their needs.Utilize your knowledge of destinations, travel trends, and industry best practices to provide expert advice and recommendations to clients.Stay informed about the latest travel deals, promotions, and opportunities to ensure that your clients receive the best possible value for their travel experiences.Ensure that all client interactions and transactions are handled with professionalism, accuracy, and integrity.Qualifications:Passion for travel and adventure.Strong leadership and management skills.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.Attention to detail and a commitment to delivering exceptional service.Join Us Today: If you're a travel enthusiast with a desire to lead your own adventure in the travel industry, this opportunity is perfect for you. Whether you're new to the travel industry or have previous experience, we welcome individuals who share our passion for exploration and discovery.Ready to take the next step in your travel career as a Travel Agency Manager? Contact us today to learn more and begin your journey with us!Powered by JazzHRXgpuaUdLiJ"}, "Travel Allied Health Professional - Radiology Technician": {"cluster": 104, "description": "Aequor Allied is seeking a travel Radiology Technician for a travel job in Louisville, Kentucky.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: Radiology TechnicianDiscipline: Allied Health ProfessionalStart Date: 04/29/2024Duration: 13 weeks40 hours per weekShift: 10 hoursEmployment Type: TravelTherapy Staff Job ID #1391187. Pay package is based on 10 hour shifts and 40 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: Radiology Tech - X-Ray"}, "Travel Allied Health Professional - Sterile Processing Technician": {"cluster": 102, "description": "NuWest Travel Nursing is seeking a travel Sterile Processing Technician for a travel job in Santa Monica, California.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: Sterile Processing TechnicianDiscipline: Allied Health ProfessionalStart Date: 04/29/2024Duration: 13 weeks40 hours per weekShift: 8 hours, eveningsEmployment Type: TravelPerks: Allied - Sterile Tech in Santa Monica, CA and are interviewing ASAP. This is a travel assignment, 5x8 Evenings position at a great facility. Pay Range: $1253.55 - $1474.77/wk Benefits include medical, dental, vision, 401K, weekly direct deposit and moreAllied - Sterile Tech in Santa Monica, CA and are interviewing ASAP. This is a travel assignment, 5x8 Evenings position at a great facility. Pay Range: $1253.55 - $1474.77/wk Benefits include medical, dental, vision, 401K, weekly direct deposit and moreNBSTSA and/or NCCT required BLS required No call"}, "Travel Allied Health Professional - Ultrasound Technologist": {"cluster": 107, "description": "Aequor Allied is seeking a travel Ultrasound Technologist for a travel job in Castro Valley, California.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: Ultrasound TechnologistDiscipline: Allied Health ProfessionalStart Date: 04/22/2024Duration: 13 weeks40 hours per weekShift: 8 hoursEmployment Type: TravelTherapy Staff Job ID #1377141. Pay package is based on 8 hour shifts and 40 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: Sonographer - Echo Tech"}, "Travel RN - ED - Emergency Department": {"cluster": 95, "description": "Aequor Healthcare is seeking a travel nurse RN ED - Emergency Department for a travel nursing job in Goldsboro, North Carolina.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: ED - Emergency DepartmentDiscipline: RNStart Date: 04/29/2024Duration: 13 weeks36 hours per weekShift: 12 hoursEmployment Type: Travel**All positions require at least two proven years experience**Aequor Job ID #1391450. Pay package is based on 12 hour shifts and 36 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: Registered Nurse (RN) - Emergency RoomAbout Aequor HealthcareAequor Travel Nursing is a premiere healthcare staffing agency that specializes in placing healthcare travelers in short term contracts throughout the US.Whether you\u2019re a seasoned healthcare professional looking for your next great adventure or just starting out and looking for your first big opportunity, Aequor has the inside track on the top jobs available in today\u2019s healthcare and clinical markets. At Aequor, our top priority is to be the best resource to help you connect with the perfect career opportunity and take the best care of you from the moment we first connect until your last shift is worked.We pride ourselves on always offering top industry competitive pay. We have positions for nationwide covering every single state and ranging from 4 weeks \u2013 26 weeks.BenefitsWeekly payHoliday Pay401k retirement planReferral bonusMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefits"}, "Travel RN - Home Health": {"cluster": 82, "description": "OneStaff Medical is seeking a travel nurse RN Home Health for a travel nursing job in Owings Mills, Maryland.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: Home HealthDiscipline: RNStart Date: ASAPDuration: 13 weeks40 hours per weekShift: 8 hours, daysEmployment Type: TravelA Home Health Care Nurse works with patients in their homes. These nurses mainly work with the elderly, but sometimes work with younger children who have developmental or mobility issues. A Home Health Care Nurse is great for people that would rather work outside of a hospital.Weekly amount stated in the job postings is scaled based on estimated hourly wages and potential stipends available for the location of the assignment. Hourly wages are based on various factors including but not limited to: experience, demand, availability, location, etc. Please contact one of our amazing OneStaff Recruiting Specialists for more details.**Equal Opportunity Employer**OneStaff Medical Job ID #1067007. Pay package is based on 8 hour shifts and 40 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: RN HOME HEALTH 8 hour Day Shift.About OneStaff MedicalYou deserve a partner that is working for you. Be bold and let us do just that. We\u2019ll take care of you while you are away from your own \u201chome base\u201d in every way we can, and ideally do more than you expect.Your team at OneStaff is dedicated to finding the perfect assignments (for you), negotiate the best rates and handles any issues that may arise while you are on assignment. We take great pride in building relationships with our traveling professionals and we enjoy hearing about your experiences. Whatever the need, we are here to help along the journey.We understand you are the heart and soul of what we are. Whether it is housing, payroll, travel, benefits, or just a friendly voice to talk to, we are there every step of the way. The company you choose is the most important decision you will make in your traveling career. We get that, so we\u2019re committed to you 24 hours-a-day, 7 days-a-week. We\u2019re your \u201cone\u201d solution in travel assignments and here to assist whether helping with accelerating your trajectory towards your career goals or meeting your travel requirements.BenefitsWeekly payHoliday PayGuaranteed Hours401k retirement planPet insuranceCompany provided housing optionsSick payWellness and fitness programsReferral bonusMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefits"}, "Travel RN - Oncology": {"cluster": 100, "description": "TotalMed Staffing is seeking a travel nurse RN Oncology for a travel nursing job in Indianapolis, Indiana.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: OncologyDiscipline: RNStart Date: ASAPDuration: 13 weeks36 hours per weekShift: 12 hours, nightsEmployment Type: TravelWe are seeking a Registered Nurse-Oncology for a travel assignment in Indianapolis Indiana.Totalmed jobs Job ID #1451093. Pay package is based on 12 hour shifts and 36 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: Registered Nurse-Indianapolis in IndianaAbout TotalMed StaffingTotalMed is a Top Ten, travel nursing and healthcare staffing agency with the mission of igniting purpose in healthcare. The organization staffs nurses, therapists, pharmacists, and other clinicians of all specialties in all 50 states. They offer local and travel jobs and match caregivers with the right organization to assist both facilities and patients. As an organization, they focus on putting highly-skilled staff into facilities to ensure adequate staffing for a better patient experience.TotalMed specializes in recruiting and placing healthcare professionals in travel, PRN, and permanent positions across the country in Nursing and Allied Health. Throughout 2020, the organization filled roles at even the most short-staffed facilities during the most challenging time in healthcare. By matching the right travel healthcare professional with the right organization, TotalMed continues to offer a lifeline to facilities and their patients.BenefitsWeekly payGuaranteed HoursContinuing Education401k retirement planSick payWellness and fitness programsReferral bonusEmployee assistance programsMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefitsBenefits start day 1"}, "Travel RN - PCU - Progressive Care Unit": {"cluster": 90, "description": "ALOIS Healthcare is seeking a travel nurse RN PCU - Progressive Care Unit for a travel nursing job in Pueblo, Colorado.Job Description & RequirementsSpecialty: PCU - Progressive Care UnitDiscipline: RNStart Date: ASAPDuration: 9 weeks36 hours per weekShift: 12 hours, nightsEmployment Type: TravelMuch of the work they do centers on assessing and tracking changes in patients' conditions and reporting this information to the doctor heading the treatment team. They also frequently change dressings, provide wound care and perform minor bedside procedures, such as IV or catheterization.ALOIS Healthcare Job ID #14246620. Pay package is based on 12 hour shifts and 36.0 hours per week (subject to confirmation) with tax-free stipend amount to be determined. Posted job title: RN:PCU,19:00:00-07:00:00About ALOIS HealthcareALOIS Healthcare provides top-quality patient care across the U.S. We believe in building long-term relationships and creating a culture of family with our nursing and allied care providers. ALOIS means \u201cwarrior\u201d and we will fight for you. Our team will find your ideal assignment at the pay you deserve, and we will be there for you every step of the way.At ALOIS Healthcare Everyone Matters We are Performance Driven We are Open, Honest and Direct We are Transparent We are Inclusive We Do the Right ThingWe care about you - and your success is our success."}, "Triage Nurse": {"cluster": 8, "description": "Responsibilities:Crystal received approval to hire an onsite Triage RN.The Triage RN would join a team of 4 and act as an extension of CMAs as it relates to responsibilities, while adding triaging and managing their CV-19 /Flu/Strep swabbing schedule.Candidates will be responsible for triage, Provider referrals, case management, and running their CV-19, Flu and Strep swabbing schedule.Qualifications:3+ years\u2019 experience as an RN in a clinical environment required1+ years\u2019 experience with triage and case management requiredStrong communication, team-oriented, motivated to learn, and a quick study requiredBSN, RN License (NC or Compact) and BLS requiredEPIC experience highly preferredHours: Monday-Friday from 8:00a-5:00pPay Rate: $22.46-35.34/hour (based on years of experience)Skills:Triage, Case management, customer serviceAbout ActalentActalent is a global leader in engineering and sciences services and talent solutions. We help visionary companies advance their engineering and science initiatives through access to specialized experts who drive scale, innovation and speed to market. With a network of almost 30,000 consultants and more than 4,500 clients across the U.S., Canada, Asia and Europe, Actalent serves many of the Fortune 500.Diversity, Equity & InclusionAt Actalent, diversity and inclusion are a bridge towards the equity and success of our people. DE&I are embedded into our culture through:Hiring diverse talentMaintaining an inclusive environment through persistent self-reflectionBuilding a culture of care, engagement, and recognition with clear outcomesEnsuring growth opportunities for our peopleThe company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please email actalentaccommodation@actalentservices.com for other accommodation options."}, "VP, Client Manager Fund Finance": {"cluster": 25, "description": "Banc of California, Inc. (NYSE BANC) is a bank holding company headquartered in Los Angeles with one wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Banc of California (the \u201cbank\u201d). Banc of California is one of the nation\u2019s premier relationship-based business banks focused on providing banking and treasury management services to small-, middle-market, and venture-backed businesses. Banc of California offers a broad range of loan and deposit products and services through more than 70 full-service branches throughout California and in Denver, Colorado, and Durham, North Carolina, as well as full-stack payment processing solutions through its subsidiary, Deepstack Technologies. The bank is committed to its local communities by supporting organizations that provide financial literacy and job training, small business support, affordable housing, and more.JOB SUMMARYThe VP, Client Manager is responsible for owning all aspects of client retention for an assigned group of borrowers, generating value for PacWest by leveraging the Bank\u2019s services and products to deepen relationships through expertise in financing options and service offerings, and delivering an outstanding client experience. The VP, Client Manager takes responsibility for independently monitoring the quality of assigned borrowers, growing the best relationships, while identifying any unfavorable deviations of underperforming borrowers and working proactively with colleagues to take any needed remedial steps. The VP, Client Manager coordinates with Originations colleagues to manage all aspects of the relationships with the Venture Capital sponsors supporting the borrowers, and the borrowers themselves. This position requires an ability to work independently with limited day-to-day supervision.Take ownership of all aspects of the borrower relationship within the assigned portfolio. Retain quality clients through expertise in financing options and service offerings, coordinating with all PacWest support groups to deliver an outstanding client experience. Exit or remediate underperforming borrowers with minimal losses.Lead the Portfolio Management collaboration effort with the Origination team prior to loan closing to prepare for the seamless transfer of the new client into Portfolio Management.Proactively track performance of client operations, interfacing with venture capital sponsors consistently to monitor intent and capacity for any needed ongoing funding.Ensure all credits in the assigned portfolio are accurately graded according to the Bank\u2019s risk rating procedures.Take ownership of independent collateral verification and protection, and borrower due diligence, on an ongoing basis.Perform ongoing financial analysis to monitor trends and new developments that may impact loan performance, and to identify opportunities to enhance value to PacWest and the client by providing additional or expanded beneficial products or services.Lead the underwriting, approval, negotiating, and closing processes for additional funding requests or modifications to existing loans.Prepare reports and summaries to keep management informed on portfolio performance, as required.Communicate with client and or supervisor to anticipate potential loan issues or questions and formulate creative resolutions.Provide guidance for and mentoring of junior level team members.Involved with interviewing and hiring decisions.Prepare and deliver employee performance evaluations, goal planning, and counseling.Manage, support, coach and train staff.Perform other duties as assigned.Banc of California is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), denial of Family and Medical Care Leave, disability (mental and physical) including HIV and AIDS, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, national origin (including language use restrictions), race, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, and sexual orientation. If you require reasonable accommodation as part of the application process please contact Talent Acquisition Partner.Required5+ years lending/credit experienceBachelor\u2019s degree in Finance or AccountingPreferred CPA or MBASalary Range $131,576.64-$175,435.52 USD; Final salary to be determined by the education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities of the applicant, internal equity, and alignment with geographic/market data."}, "Video Content Creator": {"cluster": 71, "description": "Our client, a distinguished company specializing in commercial lighting solutions, is in search of a talented Video Content Creator.This role is pivotal in leveraging video to enhance the company\u2019s marketing and training efforts, including promoting events, announcing changes, highlighting products, and training new hires and distributors\u2019 sales representatives. The successful candidate will be responsible for taking over and invigorating a lighting-training project, from writing and shooting in a state-of-the-art studio to editing, ensuring a high production quality that meets the company\u2019s standards.Video Content Creator Job ResponsibilitiesProduce and edit video content for training modules, product highlights, and promotional materials.Collaborate with representatives to write training scripts and create engaging, informative video content.Operate and manage filming in a state-of-the-art studio equipped with cameras, green screen, editing software, and professional lighting.Incorporate animation and live production techniques into training, marketing, and promotional videos.Maintain high standards of production quality and adhere to deadlines for all video content.Manage content distribution, including internal use and posting on platforms such as YouTube.Work on a variety of projects that support all departments, with the potential to influence the company\u2019s training and onboarding processes significantly.QualificationsAt least two years of professional experience in video production and editing.Self-directed and motivated, with a proven ability to work independently and as part of a team.Creative thinker with the ability to produce innovative content in a business environment.Reliable, with a track record of meeting deadlines and producing high-quality work.Strong knowledge of video editing software, such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro, or Avid Media Composer. Experience with AI in video production is a plus.This is an exceptional opportunity for a skilled Video Content Creator to join a leading company in the commercial lighting industry. The role offers the chance to significantly impact the company\u2019s marketing and training strategies through innovative video content.If you are a creative professional passionate about video production and editing, and looking for an opportunity to grow and make a substantial contribution, we encourage you to apply. Your expertise will play a crucial role in enhancing sales and training processes, setting new standards for excellence within the company."}, "Virtual Booking Coordinator-ENTRY LEVEL (Remote)": {"cluster": 50, "description": "Join us as a Virtual Travel Booking Coordinator, where your main task revolves around ensuring travelers have a seamless and memorable journey. Embrace remote work and utilize digital tools to assist clients with their travel arrangements.Responsibilities:Client Engagement: Interact with clients via email, phone, or chat to grasp their travel requirements. Tailor personalized recommendations and itineraries to suit their preferences.Research and Planning: Dive into extensive research on destinations, accommodations, transportation, and activities to craft bespoke travel plans. Stay informed about travel trends and restrictions.Booking Services: Secure reservations for flights, hotels, rental cars, tours, and other travel services, always aligning with the client's preferences and budget.Travel Documentation: Aid clients in obtaining essential travel documents, visas, and insurance. Offer guidance on passport and visa prerequisites.Budget Oversight: Assist clients in managing their travel budgets by presenting cost-effective options and highlighting potential expenses.Travel Itineraries: Develop detailed travel schedules encompassing daily activities, dining reservations, and client requests.Problem Resolution: Tackle any travel-related issues or emergencies during the client's trip, such as flight disruptions or accommodation hiccups.Customer Support: Deliver exceptional customer service, maintaining a positive demeanor and promptly addressing client queries.Documentation Management: Keep meticulous records of bookings, client preferences, and communications for future reference and follow-up.Requirements:Superb communication and interpersonal skills.Strong organizational and time-management prowess.Passionate about travel with a solid understanding of various destinations.Adaptability and effective problem-solving abilities.Previous experience in travel or virtual assistance is advantageous but not obligatory.Flexibility to accommodate different time zones or handle emergencies.Reliable high-speed internet connection and a distraction-free workspace.Perks:Remote work flexibility promoting a healthy work-life balance.Access to exclusive travel perks, discounts, and romantic offerings.Opportunity to contribute significantly to creating unforgettable romantic experiences.Continuous training and professional development opportunities to hone your skills.Collaborative team environment fostering creativity and growth.Competitive compensation package with performance-based incentives.Benefits:Flexible ScheduleTravel PerksLicensed & BondedPersonal WebsiteE&O Insurance with Fraud ProtectionDaily Training AvailableTravel Agent CertificationRemote Business OpportunityFull Training ProvidedWork FT or PTNo experience necessaryPowered by JazzHRNjMDgUANUc"}, "Weekend Security Officer - Part Time - 1st Shift - $15/hr": {"cluster": 103, "description": "OverviewJoin one of the fastest-growing and largest privately held security companies in the U.S.! Since 1998, Sunstates Security has established a reputation for providing excellent customer service and quality work environments for its team across the country. We're committed to hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and exceptionally qualified workforce.We reinvest in our employees by offering a benefits package that exceeds industry standards, career growth opportunities, extensive internal training, employee incentive programs, team recognition, and more. Employees are provided with the tools and knowledge they need to be successful and hands-on management support.Recent national awards received by Sunstates include Outstanding Contract Security Company in 2022 & 2023 and INC\u2019s America\u2019s Fastest Growing Private Companies list.Sunstates Security\u2019s mission and vision statement are at the heart of everything we do, focusing all efforts on honor, integrity, and trust. If you're searching for a career with challenging and rewarding opportunities, we invite you to explore the possibilities at Sunstates Security. As a proactive security partner for some of the country's leading companies and organizations, we provide careers for talented people to become part of a successful, growing company.Job Skills / RequirementsHIRING IMMEDIATELYSunstates Security is currently hiring a Part-Time Weekend Security Officer in the Orlando, FL area. This position offers a pay rate of $15/hr, paid weekly.RequirementsActive Florida D Unarmed Security License Excellent customer service skillsProfessional appearanceA Security Officer may perform a multitude of duties as specified by the Post Orders and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). The Security Officer will read and become extremely knowledgeable of Post Orders and SOP, and will be able to act quickly and efficiently according to such directives. Sun123Education Requirements (Any)High School diploma or equivalentCertification Requirements (All)Florida D LicenseAdditional Information / BenefitsOnly candidates who meet our rigorous employment standards and who are excellent matches for open positions (as personally verified by Site Managers) are invited to join our security team.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and supporter of our military veterans!Benefits: 401K/403b Plan"}}